,content,domain,fake,conspiracy,political,junksci,unreliable,bias,hate,reliable,satire,clickbait,unknown,rumor
33180,"[1]by Evolution News & Views [1]

Darwin Day, February 12, is coming up tomorrow, and we want to do our part to mark the occasion. Much of what Charles Darwin said makes perfect sense to us and is worth celebrating.

Seriously. Take this famous quote, for instance, from Darwin’s Descent of Man (1871, p. 385):

False facts are highly injurious to the progress of science, for they often endure long; but false views, if supported by some evidence, do little harm, for everyone takes a salutary pleasure in proving their falseness; and when this is done, one path towards error is closed and the road to truth is often at the same time opened.

Meet A False Fact: What Would Darwin Do (WWDD)?

Now, in the spirit of challenging false facts and views, as Darwin encourages us to do, we have a particular “false fact” in mind, used to support a false view. Both are widely promoted by Richard Dawkins, who should know better. (More about that, below.) We’ll call this false fact Dawkins’ Whopper.

You can listen to the Whopper on Youtube [2], as Dawkins answers this question:

Out of all the evidence used to support the theory of evolution, what would you say is the stongest [sic], most irrefutable single piece of evidence in support of the theory?

Or you can read a transcript of what Dawkins says in the video:

There’s an enormous amount of evidence, from all sorts of places, and it’s hard to pick one strand which is more important than any other. There’s fossils, there’s the evidence from geographical distribution, there’s the evidence from vestigial organs. I think to me perhaps the most compelling evidence is comparative evidence, from modern animals — particularly biochemical comparative evidence, genetic, molecular evidence. If you take any set of animals, and identify the same gene in different animals, and you really can do that, because the letters of the DNA code — that is, the same code in all animals — and you really can find a gene which is the same — in, say, all mammals. For example, there’s a gene called FOXP2, which is a couple of thousand letters long, and most of the letters are the same in any mammal, so you know it’s the same gene. And then you go through, and you literally count the number of letters that are different. So, in the case of FOXP2, if you count the number of letters that are different between humans and chimpanzees, it’s only about 9. If you count the number of letters that are different in humans and mice, it’s, I don’t know, 30 or something like that. Actually, frogs have them as well, you find a couple of hundred that are different. So, you can take any pair of animals you like — kangaroo and lion, horse and cat, human and rat — any pair of animals you like, and count the number of differences in the letters of a particular gene, and you plot it out, and you find that it forms a perfect branching hierarchy. It’s a tree, and what else could that tree be, but a family tree. And then you do the same thing for another gene. Having got the family tree for FOXP2, you then do the same thing for another gene, and another, and another. You get the same family tree. You also get the same family tree if you take genes that are no longer functioning, that are just vestigial, that are not doing anything. It’s like fragments of a document on your hard disk, which are no longer being used, they’re no longer on the directory, so you no longer see them. Again, you get the same family tree. This is overwhelmingly strong evidence. The only way you could get out of saying that that proves evolution is true is by saying that the intelligent designer, God, deliberately set out to lie to us, deliberately set out to deceive us.

Understanding the Whopper

Okay, so why is this a whopper? By “whopper,” we mean a falsehood: something that Richard Dawkins should not be telling the public, because it simply isn’t true.

First, here’s a graphical representation of what Dawkins is claiming:

Let’s say we sample the genomes of species A, B, and C, and find that each species has a copy of the genes X, Y, and Z. As Dawkins notes, these genes share such a high degree of similarity that they are functionally the same genetic “word.” We align the gene sequences, count the differences, and in each case, the genes give the same branching pattern: C is the most deeply branching group, with A and B more closely related to each other than either is to C.

If you find this too abstract, think (as an analogy) of the branching order describing the children of a human family: Alan, Bill, and Claire.

Claire was born first, whereas Alan and Bill were born later, as twins. Keep this pattern in mind, and remember that if this history (i.e., pattern of relationships) is true, it necessarily excludes other possible histories, such as Alan and Claire being twins.

Dawkins claims that, using genetic comparisons, biologists always find the same evolutionary “family tree” and never observe a pattern such as the following:

Here, gene X yields one history, whereas genes Y and Z yield contradictory histories, as indicated by the “≠” sign. Only one of these branching patterns can be true. (Actually, they might all be false, but if one is true, the others must be false.) Again, as a helpful analogy, think of Alan, Bill, and Claire:

If Alan and Bill really are twins, younger than Claire, then the other patterns cannot be the case. Think about your own family. Is there any doubt about who is the oldest sibling, versus the youngest, or in the middle, or (if it’s the case) who are the twins?

Yet we never see such contradictions in real genetic data, Dawkins claims. We always find the same tree.

Well…baloney. That’s a Whopper, and Dawkins, the former Professor of the Public Understanding of Science at Oxford University, should not be telling audiences this, or writing it. The claim is a falsehood. If you happen to attend one of Dawkins’ public appearances, and are able to ask him about this — we’re fairly certain he reads this site — please bring the problem to his attention, in front of the audience.

Genes contradict each other all the time. Click on this figure [3], for instance, from the second paper cited below, to see an example (B, at bottom in the figure) that exactly parallels the Alan, Bill, Claire confusion illustrated above. Churakov and colleagues found that five genes supported the first pattern, where human and armadillo are most closely related; nine genes supported a contradictory history, where human and elephant are most closely related; whereas eight genes supported a third, mutually contradictory history, where elephant and armadillo were closest relatives.

If you want to explore this further, here are four papers dealing with various aspects of the problem, although we could cite hundreds of others:

Gene tree discordance [4]

Mosaic retroposon insertion [5]

Large-scale taxonomic profiling of eukaryotes [6]

Conflicting phylogenetic signals [7]

The problem of discordant genetic phylogenies now represents an entire field of study within comparative biology. If Dawkins doesn’t know this, he should not be talking about the subject. If he does know, well…let’s just say he’s telling Whoppers.

What About the False View?

You know what it is: all the evidence supports the Darwinian picture of the history of life, as interpreted by Richard Dawkins and friends.

WWDD?

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.evolutionnews.org/2011/02/for_darwin_day_false_facts_and043691.html [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33315,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

As news about the disease-fighting abilities of medical cannabis (or medical marijuana) become more known, making cannabis a legitimate healing product rather than just a recreational drug, many consumers are beginning to research how one can avail of these curative natural medicines, and where to go to find them.

Almost like dominoes falling against each other beginning with California, states have adopted medical marijuana laws to allow qualified patients access to home grown and locally dispensed cannabis products. California, Oregon, Washington State, and Colorado are the most well known.

There are 19 other states plus the District of Columbia, bringing the total to 24 independent medical cannabis regions in the United States.

There are a few additional states that allow cannabis without THC (tetrahydrocannabinol), the compound that has psychoactive effects. The result is an oil or tincture that produces medicinal effects without the “high.” These formulas have shown to be effective for children who suffer chronic epileptic seizures, for example.

The CBD (cannabidiol) strain is initially what impressed CNN’s Dr. Sanjay Gupta to reverse his negative stand on medical marijuana applications and declare his positive opinion openly on TV, endorsing medical cannabis.

All of this has occurred over the past couple of decades, with California serving as an example in 1996 that other states followed with some caution before determining they could follow without much federal interference.

You can get familiar with all the complete cannabis states with each of their allowances and restrictions here.

Why This Was So Revolutionary

The 1937 Marijuana Tax Act was the beginning of the end for legal recreational and medical cannabis use. But prior to that, cannabis or hemp tinctures were part of the AMA’s prescribed pharmacopoeia for a variety of ailments.

Some insist the Marijuana Tax Act was set up by vested financial interests involving paper milling, synthetic textiles, and the petrochemical plastics industry. Others have implicated the more obvious industries behind the coup to legally suppress cannabis use: Pharmaceutical companies, tobacco industries, and beer and liquor businesses.

The AMA’s congressional representative, Dr. William Creighton Woodward, was hooted down and reprimanded by the congressional committee for politely arguing against the 1937 bill in an attempt to preserve physicians’ rights for prescribing cannabis medicines.

The committee pushed forward the bill they had put together for easy approval despite Dr. Woodward’s efforts at striking a compromise to maintain doctors’ ability to prescribe cannabis tinctures. The “Reefer Madness” hysteria fomented by the movie of the same name made it easier for ignorant senate and house members to approve the bill.

The first medical study that countered cannabis fear mongering occurred at the University of Virginia Medical School in 1974. The “War on Drugs” had begun around that time, and pot smokers were easy targets for the DEA (Drug Enforcement Administration).

That Virginia animal study determined that cannabis reversed cancers in mice. Alas, another cure for cancer was destroyed. Not only was that study shut down, the documents were seized and destroyed along with other similar research studies from 1966 through 1976 during Gerald Ford’s reign as president.

The bureaucrats that wanted cannabis to remain illegal cleaned house of almost all traces of research documents that were pro-cannabis. Yet they gave pharmaceutical companies the green light to proceed with their attempts to synthesize THC-CBD around that time as well. (Source)

Hemp Plant Strains, Cannabinoids, Terpenes and the Entourage Effect

There is also scientific evidence, including preclinical and clinical studies, that suggest cannabis, and specific cannabinoids offer different benefits for different diseases.

Some studies indicate that either THC or CBD may be better for a certain condition, thus influencing decisions on the THC:CBD ratio. Dosing largely corresponds to the severity of disease.

Strains are ultimately differentiated by terpene profiles, so deciding which strain is optimal is largely dependent on what terpenes are desired. If someone wants a daytime strain without drowsiness, alpha-pinene and limonene work best.

For restful night use, myrcene and linalool are better choices. Beta-caryophyllene is almost always good as it directly activates the CB2 receptor.

The entourage effect is the essence of the whole cannabis plant’s wisdom, which is why pharmaceutical cannabis based drugs will never duplicate whole plant extract efficacy and safety.

This excerpt is from an excellent article by Dr. Malik Burnett featured in Medical Jane, “Medical Marijuana: Much More Than THC and CBD,” which discusses the “entourage effect”:

First described in 1998 by Israeli scientists Shimon Ben-Shabat and Raphael Mechoulam, the basic idea of the entourage effect is that cannabinoids within the cannabis plant work together, or possess synergy, and affect the body in a mechanism similar to the body’s own endocannabinoid system. This theory serves as the foundation for a relatively controversial idea within pharmacology community, that in certain cases whole plant extractions serve as better therapeutic agents than individual cannabinoid extractions. The entourage effect theory has been expanded in recent times by Wagner and Ulrich-Merzenich, who define the four basic mechanisms of whole plant extract synergy as follows: 1. Ability to affect multiple targets within the body

2. Ability to improve the absorption of active ingredients

3. Ability to overcome bacterial defense mechanisms

4. Ability to minimize adverse side effects. (Source)

Today’s Variety of Cannabis Medical Applications

Prior to 1937, most medical cannabis was in the form of tinctures or extracts. Smoking wasn’t used for medical applications, only for recreational pursuits. Then came safer, more effective, and more economical applications using vaporizers to heat small amounts of the cannabis leaves, inhaling the vapors without burning them.

Normal smoking increases absorption of toxic smoke elements while reducing helpful cannabinoids. Using a vaporizer or “vaping” is considered healthier and more medicinally potent. The cannabinoids are heated sufficiently to activate them without damage. (Source)

Perhaps the game changer for cannabis for cancer was due largely to Canadian Rick Simpson’s rediscovering how to create medical cannabis oil, a highly concentrated thick decoction, which he used to cure his skin cancer topically and ingested to eliminate the lingering effects, constant noise in his head, of a previous head injury.

He treated several neighbors without charging them for a wide range of chronic maladies, including cancer, and the results were amazing. They were all medical mainstream failures in a nation that provides medical care to everyone. After his full length documentary “Run From the Cure” went viral, the oil became a major part of medical cannabis applications.

Rick asserts smoking marijuana will cause its medicinal values to “go up in smoke.” Nevertheless, clinical testing in Israel has demonstrated positive results with smoking cannabis for senility, arthritic pain, and other autoimmune deficiencies, even if its efficacy is less than vaporizing with a heated element that doesn’t come into contact with the herb.

Here’s a video clip of someone managing her ALS (Lou Gehrig’s disease) by smoking cannabis.

There are at least 65 cannabinoids in cannabis. One report claims 85 and another over 100. Many of them have medicinal values and more are constantly being discovered.

For children with epilepsy or post vaccination traumas causing daily seizures, low or no THC (tetrahydrocannabinol) content with high CBD (cannabidiol) content has empirically proved very useful. (Source)

Growers have breeding techniques to create a variety of THC and CBD content percentages depending on what’s needed for various ailments. Medical marijuana dispensaries in legal states have enough understanding of the various strains to offer advice on what’s needed for many specific ailments.

But the potency of high THC cannabis oil became a priority among cancer patients. It can be ingested in small amounts at first then increased gradually as one becomes accustomed to functioning with the “high.”

The process of producing cannabis oil involves heat, which decarboxylates the raw plant THC-A into the more psychoactive THC. This also converts CBDA into more medicinally active CBD.

The oil can be mixed into or used to make cannabis butter (cannabutter) for toast or muffins. Sometimes cannabis oil is placed in capsules. Some have avoided any displeasure or confusion from the THC high by inserting the oil rectally with the syringe or from suppositories made with the oil.

Cannabis effects from ingested edibles of all types take longer to create an effect and linger longer than the cannabinoids inhaled by smoking or vaporizing.

Dr. William Courtney of Mendocino has used raw non-decarboxylated whole hemp plant juicing to successfully treat some patients who have been on pharmaceutical medications and getting worse from side effects to the point of healing without using any prescribed drugs.

He advocates drinking raw cannabis juice from the whole plant to improve health and prevent diseases without the high. Currently, limitations on home growing cannabis plants amounts in states that allow its use make this approach untenable for most.

Despite those logistical legal limitations, this video from Dr. Courtney is extremely educational and heartwarming.

For the rest of us, there is a Dutch industrial hemp juice product called Sana Hemp Juice, which is freeze dried and can be shipped to you. Remember, industrial hemp products, such as hemp seeds from Canada, are legally sold to customers in the USA.

But Dr. Courtney’s juice from whole plants containing all the cannabinoids including THCA, which is not psychoactive, is a more therapeutic juice.

Below is a chart that will give you some idea of different strains’ known effectiveness with different ailments, with this one caveat: The chart makes the mistake of listing THCA as anti-cancer but not THC.

Decarboxylating THCA with sufficient heat creates THC, which is a proven anti-cancer compound present in cannabis oils produced with heat as well as “vaping.”

An even more thorough list that must be accessed directly, as each condition hyperlinks to more detailed information, can be found here.

Dosing Protocols

Micro-dosing has become the latest movement among medical marijuana users. That is, using just enough to create the medicinal effects needed with standard THC-CBD percentages. Micro-dosing is not recommended for cancer.

And now there is FEMCO, an acronym for full extract medical cannabis oil with an exaggerated top heavy portion of 80% or more activated THC. This treatment modality is short and intense using only small amounts daily.

Intense is the key word with this more expensive protocol that has demonstrated rapid remissions with late stage cancer patients.

There have even been promising animal studies of cannabis CBD for reversing Alzheimer’s and cannabis THC for alleviating Parkinson’s disease. (Source)

For the most part, one is mostly left to determining one’s own level of dosing individually.

“Cannabis has many variables that do not fit well with the typical medical model for drug prescribing. If the plant is used, the variations are extreme.”

The toxicity levels of cannabis are low enough, virtually nonexistent, to allow patient determined self-titrating (determining the right amounts and mixes for a proper effects). (Source)

Anecdotal Success Stories with Medical Cannabis

Approaching 80, retired California dentist Stan Rutner was put into hospice care with pneumonia and terminal lung cancer that had metastasized into his brain until his daughter and future son-in-law got him onto a cannabis treatment. He made a complete recovery.

After having several operations and becoming bedridden, “waiting to die” from prescribed medications, Shona Banda used cannabis oil to reverse her Crohn’s disease and returned to normal health without pharmaceuticals.

Unfortunately, like so many other parents using cannabis for medicinal purposes, CPS came and took her child away from her. See:

Debbie Wilson, who had suffered extensive neurological and brain damage from a freak accident was suffering from convulsions and the side effects of multiple prescription medications for 25 years until she was introduced to cannabis and realized cannabis restrictions were products of man’s laws, not God’s law.

If you live in a state or Canadian province that has legalized cannabis for medical use or you’re considering moving to one, you may need this list of doctors and clinics that are supportive of medical cannabis. Here is one that needs to be accessed directly.

Sources:

https://www.alchimiaweb.com/blogen/dr-courtneys-raw-cannabis-juice/

http://www.druglibrary.net/schaffer/Library/studies/vlr/vlr4.htm

https://www.coloradopotguide.com/media/1584/effects-of-cananbinoids-chart.pdf

http://cannabisplus.net/cannabis-research-pdf/Dosage/Abram%20%20Medicinal%20Cannabis%20Rational%20Guidelines%20for%20Dosing%20.pdf

http://www.hightimes.com/read/talking-terpenes

http://www.medicaljane.com/2014/05/14/thc-cbd-and-more-the-entourage-effect-of-whole-plant-cannabis-medicine/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24329,"[1]

by Food Democracy Now! [1]

Right now President Obama and bureaucrats at the Food and Drug Administration are preparing to unleash genetically engineered salmon on the market. After years of controversial regulatory review, this past week the Obama administration cleared a final hurdle for AquaBounty’s GMO salmon to be approved at any moment.

On Friday, December 21st, 2012, FDA bureaucrats declared that AquaBounty’s GMO AquaAdvantage® salmon poses no “significant” risk to the environment. This recent FDA decision comes on top of the agency’s 2010 declaration that the GMO salmon were safe for humans to eat, despite no independent long-term studies. Once again, the FDA is putting corporate science over public health.

If approved, AquaBounty’s GMO salmon would be the first genetically engineered animal to be sold for human consumption and could appear in restaurants and grocery stores as early 2013.

Right now there is an open 60-day public comment period at the FDA before any approval can move forward and we need your help today to get as many comments as possible.

Click here if you don’t want to eat GMO salmon! Tell President Obama, Congress and the FDA to put a halt on any approval of AquaBounty’s GMO salmon. [1]

http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/sign/stop_gmo_salmon_now/ [1]

Already biotech cheerleaders are hailing the FDA’s recent announcement as a first of many new approvals to come, which means that more genetically engineered, transgenic animals could be approved in the near future.

In case you haven’t heard, the AquaBounty GMO salmon has been genetically engineered in laboratories to allegedly grow twice as fast as wild salmon, which the Massachusetts-based company hopes its patented mutant fish will replace as a new staple at sushi bars, seafood restaurants and supermarkets across America.

Straight from the pages of a science fiction novel, AquaBounty has inserted the genes of a Chinook salmon growth hormone and an “on-off” switch from the eelpout, into the eggs of Atlantic salmon, to make the GMO salmon grow faster than wild or farmed salmon.

Despite the company’s claims, critics remain skeptical that genetically engineered fish has any real benefits.

Once Again the FDA Ignores Serious Risks and Environmental Concerns

While AquaBounty claims its GMO salmon will only be raised in indoor, land-based facilities, environmentalists have real concerns if any accident were to take place. Scientific studies show that the release of just 60 GMO salmon could eradicate wild Atlantic salmon populations of 60,000 fish in less than 40 fish generations.

In an effort to overcome this, AquaBounty has built egg production facilities on Prince Edward Island in Canada and will then ship them to an indoor facility in Panama where they will be grown out. Once the GMO salmon are grown to maturity, they will be sold unlabeled in U.S. markets, if the Obama administration gets its way.

It is due to AquaBounty’s promise to only raise the GMO salmon in indoor, land-based pens that the Obama FDA has now given the mutant fish a thumbs up with its recently published Environmental Assessment (EA), claiming that the GMO salmon poses “no significant impact” on the environment.

In addition to land-based pens, AquaBounty claims it will only raise “sterile females”, but this is factually false since tests show that up to 5% of the GMO salmon are able to reproduce.

At the same time, leaked internal emails from the U.S. Department of Interior’s Fish & Wildlife Service (FWS) reveal that the governments own scientists are dubious about the FDA’s own assessment.

In an email to a coworker, FWS geneticist Denise Hawkins wrote in 2010:

“I also agree … that using [genetically sterile] fish is not foolproof. Maybe [the FDA] should watch Jurassic Park.”

In addition, Hawkins criticized the FDA’s fantastical assessment of the ability of these GMO salmon to survive outside of the intended indoor pens, saying, “There is no data to support the claims of low survival in the event of escape, which… is a big concern.”

Click here to tell President Obama, Congress and the FDA to ban the approval of AquaBounty’s GMO salmon. [1]

How will GMO salmon impact human health?

Because no independent, long-term scientific studies of AquaBounty’s patented salmon have been conducted, the human health impacts of GMO salmon are not currently known. Shockingly, the FDA is relying on scant scientific documents provided by AquaBounty itself. In fact, the FDA’s own assessment AquaBounty’s studies to determine whether GMO salmon are safe for human consumption states that the studies contain “technical flaws” and provide “insufficient data”.

For two of the studies submitted, AquaBounty used sample sizes so small that they have no scientific credibility, with only 12 fish tested for one study, while another study on possible allergic reactions in humans involved only 6 fish! Despite this scant evidence, the FDA is currently on the verge of approving the company’s GMO salmon.

Serious questions remain about eating fish engineered to grow faster and how genetically manipulated traits can impact human health, especially that of our most vulnerable populations such as pregnant mothers and children.

Act today to stand up for human health, food safety and the environment and the future of our planet. [1]

http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/sign/stop_gmo_salmon_now/ [1]

Please share this alert with friends you know who may be concerned, we need all the comments we can get and every voice counts!

Thanks for participating in food democracy,

Dave, Lisa and the Food Democracy Now! team

Visit this page to make your voice heard: http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/sign/stop_gmo_salmon_now/ [1]

Sources:

1. “White House Reverses Itself, Lifts Political Block on FDA Approval of GMO Salmon”, Forbes, 12/21/2012

<http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/739?t= 12&akid=700.258044.yQltqi [2]

2. “Genetically Engineered Salmon: Environmental Documents, AquAdvantage Salmon Preliminary Finding of No Significant Impact” Food and Drug Administration (FDA), FDA.gov

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/740?t= 14&akid=700.258044.yQltqi [3]

3. “GE Animals Regulated Under New Animal Drug Provisions”, FDA.gov website, FDA Releases Final Guidance on Genetically Engineered Animals, January 15, 2009.

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/251?t= 16&akid=700.258044.yQltqi [4]

4. “Aqua Bounty Biotech Salmon OK to Eat-FDA Staff,” Reuters, September 3, 2010.

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/741?t= 18&akid=700.258044.yQltqi [5]

5. “Modified Salmon is Safe, FDA Says”, The New York Times, September 3, 2010

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/249?t= 20&akid=700.258044.yQltqi [6]

6. “Mutant Salmon Coming to a Kitchen Table Near You”, Fast Company, July 12, 2010

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/742?t= 22&akid=700.258044.yQltqi [7]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17396,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News

This past week Representative Bill Posey entered a statement by CDC whistleblower Dr. William Thompson regarding fraud and the CDC MMR vaccine studies into the Congressional record. This should have been headline news, but it was largely ignored and not reported in the mainstream media. Here is the CSPAN coverage and the text of the statement by Dr. William Thompson of the CDC.

My primary job duties while working in the Immunization Safety Branch from 2000 to ’06 were lead or co-lead three major vaccine safety studies—the MADDSP MMR Autism Cases Control study was being carried out in response to the Wakefield Lancet study that suggested an association between the MMR vaccine and an autism-like health outcome. There were several major concerns among scientists and consumer advocates outside the CDC in the fall of 2000 regarding the execution of the Verstraeten study. One of the important goals that was determined up front in the spring of ’01 before any of these studies started, was to have all three protocols vetted outside the CDC prior to the start of the analyses so that consumer advocates could not claim that we were presenting analyses that presented our own goals and biases. We hypothesized that if we found statistically significant effects at either 18 or 36 month thresholds, we would conclude that vaccinating children early with MMR could lead to autism-like characteristics or features. We all met and finalized the study protocol and analysis plan. The goal was to not deviate from the analysis plan to avoid the debacle that occurred with the Verstraeten thimerosal study published in Pediatrics in ’03. At the September 5th meeting, we discussed in detail how to code race for both the sample and the birth certificate sample. At the bottom of Table 7 it also shows that for the non-birth certificate sample, the adjusted race effect statistical significance was huge. All the authors and I met and decided sometime between August and September ’02 not to report any race effects for the paper. Sometime soon after the meeting, we decided to exclude reporting any race effects, the co-authors scheduled a meeting to destroy documents related to the study. The remaining four co-authors all met and brought a big garbage can into the meeting room and reviewed and went through all the hard copy documents that we had thought we should discard and put them in a huge garbage can. However, because I assumed it was illegal and would violate both FOIA and DOJ requests, I kept hard copies of all documents in my office and I retained all associated computer files. I believe we intentionally withheld controversial findings from the final draft of the Pediatrics paper. (quote from Dr. William Thompson of the CDC)

It has been known since 2014 that Dr. Thompson has turned over many documents to Congressman Posey. Congressman Posey, however, does not chair any of the committees that have the authority to convene a meeting and have Dr. Thompson testify.

Are There Enough Honorable Members of Congress to Act on This Cover-up?

Now that the fact that the CDC has allegedly committed fraud and attempted to destroy evidence linking the MMR vaccine to autism, will the public become enraged enough to demand that there be a Congressional hearing to investigate this alleged fraud? Will be there enough honorable members of Congress willing to step forward and go against the powerful Pharmaceutical Industry and their incestuous relationship with the CDC to demand a full investigation?

The CDC is the largest purchaser of vaccines from the pharmaceutical companies in the world, buying billions of dollars worth of vaccines each year. (See: CDC’s Purchase of $$4 Billion of Vaccines a Conflict of Interest in Overseeing Vaccine Safety.)

Should we trust this agency to oversee vaccine safety?

Also, can the public trust Congress when it comes to vaccine safety? In 1986 the U.S. Congress passed legislation removing all legal liability for injuries and deaths due to vaccines for pharmaceutical companies. These vaccines cannot survive in a free market, and when the lawsuits became too numerous, they blackmailed Congress by threatening to stop making vaccines unless Congress gave them total legal immunity from any harm caused by vaccines. This law has been upheld by the Supreme Court.

Today, if one is injured by a vaccine, they must sue the Federal Government, funded by taxpayer funds, and try to collect funds for damages from the National Vaccine Compensation Program, and a special “Vaccine Court.” (See: GAO Report on Vaccine Court Reveals Vaccine Injured Victims Not Being Helped.)

What does the CDC Whistleblower Know About Vaccine Studies and Fraud?

It has been about a year now since Dr. Thompson’s revelations about the alleged CDC cover-up has gone public. Here is the original video:

Here is Dr. Thompson’s call to Congress, now 1 year old:

Take Action: Tell Congress to Hold Hearings and Subpoena Dr. William Thompson the CDC Whistleblower

Will Congress finally take action?

Dr. Brownstein recently reported that Congressman Jason Chaffetz is going to hold hearings this fall and invite Dr. Thompson to testify, but that he must be subpoenaed in order to tell the truth:

The only way Dr. Thompson’s story will be heard, under oath, is at a Congressional hearing. Congressman Jason Chaffetz is going to hold hearings on this matter this fall and invite Dr. Thompson to testify. It is important that we all contact the Congressional Oversight and Reform Office (reporttoogr@mail.house.gov ) and request that he subpoena Dr. Thompson. Dr. Thompson will not be able to speak freely unless it is under subpoena. Why, you may ask does Dr. Thompson need to be subpoenaed? Because the CDC will not let him speak out without a subpoena.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com

The Autism Action Network has also setup a page to take action and notify your representatives:

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33360,"Feds order baby returned after DCF takes custody due to mother’s disability

by MyFoxBoston.com [2]

Excerpts:

In an unprecedented move, the federal government has ordered the Department of Children and Families to return a child to her mother. And on Tuesday, we are hearing for the first time directly from the child’s family about their 2-year battle with the department.

FOX25’s Investigative Reporter Kerry Kavanaugh examines allegations the state discriminated against this young mother because of her disability. A newborn girl had yet to leave the hospital when DCF decided the 19-year-old mother, with an intellectual disability, was incapable of caring for her. The mother is publicly known by the pseudonym, Sara Gordon. Her battle to get her baby back is now seen as a victory for people with disabilities.

Read the full article at MyFoxBoston.com [2]

Comment on this story at MedicalKidnap.com [3]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21978,"Vaccine Awareness Week 2017

Learn About the Need to Protect Voluntary Vaccine Decision-Making in America

This week from November 5-11, 2017 Mercola.com and the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) are co-sponsoring the Eighth Annual Vaccine Awareness Week (VAW), a week dedicated to raising awareness about vaccines and informed consent rights.

With all the uncertainty surrounding the risks and failures of vaccines, it’s critical to protect your legal right to make independent health choices and exercise voluntary informed consent to vaccination.

It is urgent that everyone stand up and fight to protect flexible medical, religious and conscientious belief vaccine exemptions and expand informed consent protections in state public health and employment laws.

During this week, Dr. Joseph Mercola will double match your donations up to $$100,000 to the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), a non-profit charity advocating for vaccine safety and protection of the ethical principle of informed consent to medical risk taking, including vaccine risk taking.

NVIC’s mission since 1982 has been to prevent vaccine injuries and deaths through public education and to defend your legal right to exercise informed consent to vaccination.

You can also donate directly to NVIC by CLICKING HERE to help support our mission and join the vaccine freedom of choice movement today!

Click the video below to watch an interview with Dr. Joe Mercola and Barbara Loe Fisher about what is at stake in America’s Vaccine Culture War.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
35713,"After a 4-year gag order against Dr. Judy Mikovits was recently lifted, Health Impact News interviewed this whistleblower regarding her research that shows 6% of the U.S. population is harboring a retrovirus in their bodies that can develop into an acquired immune deficiency. See our previous article, Vaccines and Retroviruses: A Whistleblower Reveals What the Government is Hiding. Judy A. Mikovits, PhD, earned her BA from University of Virginia and PhD in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from George Washington University. In just over twenty years she rose from an entry-level lab technician to become director of the lab of Antiviral Drug Mechanisms at the National Cancer Institute before leaving to direct the Cancer Biology program at EpiGenX Pharmaceuticals in Santa Barbara, California. There in 2006, she became attracted to the plight of patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and Autism. In only five years she developed the first neuroimmune institute from a concept to a reality and is primarily responsible for demonstrating the relationship between immune based inflammation and these diseases. She has published over 50 scientific papers. But it was Dr. Mikovits' research showing the relationship of the XMRV mouse retrovirus to Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, and then Autism, and other diseases, that brought about much trouble for her. The data showed that 6% of the U.S. population is harboring a retrovirus in their bodies. Dr. Mikovits spoke the truth about the fraudulent use of government research money, the marketing of inaccurate retrovirus tests, Medicare fraud, the contaminated blood supply, and the harm that is associated with vaccines and their schedule of administration. Her research showed how retroviruses are linked to the plague of modern illnesses that are bankrupting the U.S. healthcare system. She was arrested without a warrant and held in jail for 5 days without the opportunity for bail as a fugitive from justice. Her career was destroyed. Her story is documented in the book Plague: ​One Scientist's intrepid Search For the Truth about Human Retroviruses and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, Autism, and Other Diseases. Her co-author, Kent Heckenlively, brings us this article showing how the FDA has approved a testing protocol to detect retroviruses in the U.S. blood supply which is worth millions of dollars, and based in large part on Dr. Mikovits' research. So while this distinguished scientist is now bankrupt and without employment, others are allegedly capitalizing on her research to earn millions of dollars to clean up the U.S. blood supply.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17285,"Vitamin D Is More Effective Than Flu Vaccine, Study Says

by Dr. Mercola



Conventional health authorities claim getting a flu shot each year is the best way to ward off influenza. But where’s the actual science backing up that claim?

If you’ve repeatedly fallen for this annual propaganda campaign, you may be surprised to find the medical literature suggests vitamin D may actually be a FAR more effective strategy, and the evidence for this goes back at least a decade.

Dr. John Cannell, founder of the Vitamin D Council, was one of the first to introduce the idea that vitamin D deficiency may actually be an underlying CAUSE of influenza.

His hypothesis [1] was initially published in the journal Epidemiology and Infection in 2006. [2] It was subsequently followed up with another study published in the Virology Journal in 2008. [3]

The following year, the largest nationally representative study [4] of its kind to date discovered that people with the lowest vitamin D levels indeed reported having significantly more colds or cases of the flu. In conclusion, lead author Dr. Adit Ginde stated:

“The findings of our study support an important role for vitamin D in prevention of common respiratory infections, such as colds and the flu. Individuals with common lung diseases, such as asthma or emphysema, may be particularly susceptible to respiratory infections from vitamin D deficiency.”

Vitamin D Works Better Than Flu Vaccine If Your Levels Are Low

Since then, a number of studies have come to similar conclusions. Most recently, a scientific review [5,6] of 25 randomized controlled trials confirmed that vitamin D supplementation boosts immunity and cuts rates of cold and flu.

Overall, the studies included nearly 11,000 individuals from more than a dozen countries. As reported by Time Magazine: [7]

“… [P]eople who took daily or weekly vitamin D supplements were less likely to report acute respiratory infections, like influenza or the common cold, than those who did not …

For people with the most significant vitamin D deficiencies (blood levels below 10 [ng/mL]), taking a supplement cut their risk of respiratory infection in half.

People with higher vitamin D levels also saw a small reduction in risk: about 10 percent, which is about equal to the protective effect of the injectable flu vaccine, the researchers say.”

Like Cannell before them, the researchers believe vitamin D offers protection by increasing antimicrobial peptides in your lungs, and that “[t]his may be one reason why colds and flus are most common in the winter, when sunlight exposure (and therefore the body’s natural vitamin D production) is at its lowest …” [8]

According to this international research team, vitamin D supplementation could prevent more than 3.25 million cases of cold and flu each year in the U.K. alone. [9] Another statistic showing vitamin D is a more effective strategy than flu vaccine is the “number needed to treat” (NNT).

Overall, one person would be spared from influenza for every 33 people taking a vitamin D supplement (NNT = 33), whereas 40 people have to receive the flu vaccine in order to prevent one case of the flu (NNT = 40).

Among those with severe vitamin D deficiency at baseline, the NNT was 4. In other words, if you’re vitamin D deficient to begin with, vitamin D supplementation is 10 times more effective than the flu vaccine.

Optimizing Vitamin D May Be Your Best Defense Against Influenza

In my view, optimizing your vitamin D levels is one of the absolute best flu-prevention and optimal health strategies available. Your diet also plays a significant role of course, as it lays the foundation for good immune function.

A high-sugar diet is a sure-fire way to diminish your body’s innate ability to fight off infections of all kinds by radically impairing the functioning of your immune system.

However, I do not agree that fortifying more processed foods with vitamin D is the best solution, although I realize it could potentially have a more widespread impact among people who remain unaware of the beneficial health effects of sunlight in general.

I believe sensible sun exposure is the ideal way to optimize your vitamin D. Taking a vitamin D3 supplement is only recommended in cases when you simply cannot obtain sufficient amounts of sensible sun exposure.

It’s also important to point out that, contrary to what’s reported by most mainstream media, including NPR report above, most people cannot optimize their vitamin D levels by getting the recommended 600 IUs of vitamin D from fortified foods. The dose you need really depends on your current blood level of vitamin D.

If it’s very low, you may need 8,000 to 10,000 IUs of vitamin D3 per day in order to reach and maintain a clinically relevant level of 45 to 60 nanograms per milliliter (ng/mL). The only way to know how much you need is to get tested at least once or twice each year.

If you’ve been supplementing for some time and your levels are still below 45 ng/mL, you then know you have to increase your dose further. If using an oral supplement, also make sure to boost your vitamin K2 and magnesium intake, as these nutrients help optimize vitamin D levels.

Other Studies Supporting Link Between Vitamin D Deficiency and Influenza

In a study published in 2010, [10] researchers investigated the effect of vitamin D on the incidence of seasonal influenza A in schoolchildren. The randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled study included 430 children, half of which were given 1,200 IUs of vitamin D3 per day while the other half received a placebo.

Overall, children in the treatment group were 42 percent less likely to come down with the flu. According to the authors: “This study suggests that vitamin D3 supplementation during the winter may reduce the incidence of influenza A, especially in specific subgroups of schoolchildren.”

Another study [11] published that same year concluded that infection-fighting T-cells need help from vitamin D in order to activate. This is yet another mechanism that helps explain why vitamin D is so effective against infections.

When a T cell recognizes foreign invaders like bacteria or viruses, it sends activating signals to the vitamin D receptor (VDR) gene.

The VDR gene then starts producing a protein that binds vitamin D in the T cell. A downstream effect of this is PLC-gamma1 protein production, which subsequently enables the T cell to fight the infection. At the time, lead researcher Carsten Geisler told Food Consumer: [12]

“When a T cell is exposed to a foreign pathogen, it extends a signaling device or “antenna” known as a vitamin D receptor, with which it searches for vitamin D. This means the T cell must have vitamin D or activation of the cell will cease. If the T cells cannot find enough vitamin D in the blood, they won’t even begin to mobilize.”

With that understanding, it’s no wonder flu shots don’t work. Flu vaccinesdo absolutely nothing to address the underlying problem of vitamin D deficiency, which is effectively hindering your immune system from working properly.

In fact, flu vaccines tend to deteriorate your immune function, and their side effects can be significant.

‘Gold Standard’ Studies Ignored by Mainstream Media

The gold standard of scientific analysis, the so-called Cochrane Database Review, has also issued several reports between 2006 and 2012, all of which decimate the claim that flu vaccinations are the most effective prevention method available. In 2010, Cochrane published the following bombshell conclusion, which was completely ignored by mainstream media: [13]

“Influenza vaccines have a modest effect in reducing influenza symptoms and working days lost. There is no evidence that they affect complications, such as pneumonia, or transmission. WARNING: This review includes 15 out of 36 trials funded by industry (four had no funding declaration).

An earlier systematic review of 274 influenza vaccine studies published up to 2007 found industry funded studies were published in more prestigious journals and cited more than other studies independently from methodological quality and size. Studies funded from public sources were significantly less likely to report conclusions favorable to the vaccines …”

So, despite the fact that 15 of the 36 studies included were biased by industry interests, they still couldn’t come up with evidence supporting the conventional claim that flu vaccines are the best and most effective prevention available against influenza!

Scientific Reviews Show Vaccinating Children and Elderly Is Ineffective

Cochrane has issued several reports addressing the effectiveness of flu vaccines on infants and the elderly — two groups that tend to be the most targeted by flu vaccine advertising — and all have had negative findings. For children:

1. A large-scale, systematic review [14] of 51 studies, published in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews in 2006, found no evidence that the flu vaccine is any more effective than a placebo in children under two. The studies involved 260,000 children, age 6 to 23 months. 2. In 2008, another Cochrane review [15] again concluded that “little evidence is available” that the flu vaccine is effective for children under the age of two. Even more disturbingly, the authors stated that: “It was surprising to find only one study of inactivated vaccine in children under two years, given current recommendations to vaccinate healthy children from six months old in the USA and Canada. If immunization in children is to be recommended as a public health policy, large-scale studies assessing important outcomes and directly comparing vaccine types are urgently required.” 3. In a 2012 review, [16] Cochrane concluded that “in children aged from two years, nasal spray vaccines made from weakened influenza viruses were better at preventing illness caused by the influenza virus than injected vaccines made from the killed virus. Neither type was particularly good at preventing “flu-like illness” caused by other types of viruses. In children under the age of two, the efficacy of inactivated vaccine was similar to placebo.”

The available evidence with regards to protecting the elderly is equally abysmal.

4. In 2010, Cochrane concluded that: [17] “The available evidence is of poor quality and provides no guidance regarding the safety, efficacy or effectiveness of influenza vaccines for people aged 65 years or older.” 5. Cochrane also reviewed whether or not vaccinating health care workers can help protect the elderly patients with whom they work. In conclusion, the authors stated that: [18] “[T]here is no evidence that vaccinating health care workers prevents influenza in elderly residents in long-term care facilities.”

Annual Flu Vaccinations May Raise Risk of More Serious Infections

Other recent studies have shown that with each successive annual flu vaccination, the protection afforded by the vaccine appears to diminish. [19, 20] Research published in 2014 concluded that vaccine-induced protection against influenza was greatest among those who had NOT received a flu shot in the previous five years. [21] The flu vaccine may also increase your risk of contracting other, more serious influenza infections.

Data shows people who received the seasonal flu vaccine in 2008 had twice the risk of getting the H1N1 “swine flu” compared to those who didn’t receive a flu shot. [22]

Compared to children who do not get an annual flu vaccine, those who receive influenza vaccinations have a three times higher risk of hospitalization due to influenza. [23]

Research also shows that statin drugs — taken by 1 in 4 Americans over the age of 45 — may undermine your immune system’s ability to respond to the flu vaccine. [24,25,26] When you consider the low efficacy rate of the flu vaccine in any given year, getting vaccinated if you’re on a statin may well be a moot point.

Independent science reviews have also concluded that influenza vaccine does not appear to prevent influenza-like illness associated with other types of viruses responsible for about 80 percent of all respiratory or gastrointestinal infections during any given flu season. [27,28,29,30]

Other Foods and Supplements That Send Pathogens Packin’

Besides vitamin D, there are a number of other foods and supplements that can be beneficial for colds and influenza, including the following:

Garlic: [31] Garlic has natural antiviral, antibiotic and antifungal activity and has long been hailed for its immune boosting effects.

The Cochrane Database, which has repeatedly demonstrated that the science in support of the flu vaccine is flimsy at best, has also reviewed studies on alternatives, including garlic. [32]

Unfortunately, such research is harder to come by, as there’s no financial incentive driving it.

Still, in the singular study identified by the Cochrane group, those who took garlic daily for three months had fewer colds than those who took a placebo, and, when they did come down with a cold, the duration of illness was shorter — an average of 4.5 days compared to 5.5 days for the placebo group.

While this may not seem overly impressive, it’s still better than the results achieved by the flu drug Tamiflu!

Zinc: A Cochrane Database Review of the medical research on zinc found that when taken within one day of the first symptoms, zinc can cut down the time you have a cold by about 24 hours.

Zinc was also found to greatly reduce the severity of symptoms. Zinc was not recommended for anyone with an underlying health condition, like lowered immune function, asthma or chronic illness.

I do not recommend taking more than 50 mg a day, and I do not recommend taking zinc on a daily basis for preventive purposes as you could easily develop a copper imbalance that way.

Vitamin C: A very potent antioxidant; use a natural form such as acerola, which contains associated micronutrients.

You can take several grams every hour (use the liposomal form so you don’t get loose stools), till you are better. I never travel without a bottle of our liposomal C.

A tea made from a combination of elderflower, yarrow, boneset, linden, peppermint and ginger; drink it hot and often for combating a cold or flu. It causes you to sweat, which is helpful for eradicating a virus from your system.

Oregano Oil: The higher the carvacrol concentration, the more effective it is. Carvacrol is the most active antimicrobial agent in oregano oil.

Medicinal mushrooms, such as shiitake, reishi and turkey tail.

Propolis: A bee resin and one of the most broad-spectrum antimicrobial compounds in the world; propolis is also the richest source of caffeic acid and apigenin, two very important compounds that aid in immune response.

Olive leaf extract is widely known as a natural, non-toxic immune system builder.

Vitamin D Is Important for Optimal Health and Disease Prevention Year-Round



In related news, researchers are also homing in on how vitamin D may help protect against age-related diseases such as Alzheimer’s. The video above discusses research [33] showing vitamin D extends lifespan in nematode worms by 30 percent and helps slow or even reverse accumulation of beta amyloid protein, which is a hallmark of Alzheimer’s.Vitamin D deficiency has also been linked to heart disease, cancer, diabetes, depression, autoimmune disease and many other chronic diseases. As noted in a recent issue of Orthomolecular Medicine News: [34] “Research on the health benefits of vitamin D continues at a rapid pace. There were 4,356 papers published in 2015 with vitamin D in the title or abstract and 4,388 in 2016 …” Among some of the most impactful studies are ones demonstrating:

• Health benefits from sun exposure unrelated to vitamin D production. One recent review concluded benefits of sun exposure includes lower rates of cancer, heart disease, dementia, myopia, macular degeneration, diabetes and multiple sclerosis. My belief is that the majority of these benefits are due to the near-, mid- and far-infrared wavelengths.

According to the author: “The message of sun avoidance must be changed to acceptance of non-burning sun exposure sufficient to achieve [vitamin D] concentrations of 30 ng/mL or higher … and the general benefits of UV exposure beyond those of vitamin D.” Also, while intermittent sun exposure is associated with higher rates of skin cancer, “the risks of these cancers is dwarfed by the reduced risk of internal cancers from sun exposure,” William Grant, Ph.D. writes.

• Benefits of higher vitamin D levels during pregnancy. Research demonstrates preterm births steadily decrease as vitamin D levels increase among pregnant women. In one study, raising vitamin D blood concentrations from 20 to 40 ng/mL decreased preterm births by 59 percent.

• Reduction in cancer risk from vitamin D supplementation. One pooled analysis showed that women with higher levels of vitamin D had much lower incidence rates of cancer — from a 2 percent per year cancer incidence rate at 18 ng/mL to 0.4 percent at 63 ng/mL.

Overall, maintaining a vitamin D serum level of 45 to 60 ng/mL year-round may be one of the simplest and most efficient ways to safeguard yourself against chronic disease and acute infections. When it comes to seasonal colds and influenza, the rate of protection you get from vitamin D is actually greater than what you’d get from a flu vaccination, and you don’t have to worry about potential side effects either — which in the case of the flu vaccine can be far worse than the original complaint.

While death and complete disability from a flu vaccine may be rare, so is dying from the flu itself. I strongly recommend weighing the risk of suffering a debilitating side effect of the flu vaccine relative to the more likely potential of spending a week in bed with the flu. Remember, most deaths attributed to influenza are actually due to bacterial pneumonia, and these days, bacterial pneumonia can be effectively treated with advanced medical care and therapies like respirators and parenteral antibiotics.

The Role of Vitamin D in Disease Prevention

A growing body of evidence shows that vitamin D plays a crucial role in disease prevention and maintaining optimal health. There are about 30,000 genes in your body, and vitamin D affects nearly 3,000 of them, as well as vitamin D receptors located throughout your body.

According to one large-scale study, optimal Vitamin D levels can slash your risk of cancer by as much as 60 percent. Keeping your levels optimized can help prevent at least 16 different types of cancer, including pancreatic, lung, ovarian, prostate and skin cancers.

References

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33205,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Recent scientific research in France has determined cannabinoid receptors exist on mitochondria cells. This news has not reached mainstream media outlets and seems to be underreported even by alternative health sites on the internet.

This author only recently discovered the information after doing several articles on cannabis for curing many diseases, especially cancer. The internal endocannabinoid system with its two sets of cannabinoid receptors, C1 nervous system receptors and C2 immune system receptors, was discovered over two decades ago.

These receptors allow cannabinoids from cannabis to attach their health giving attributes to various internal physiological systems.

But the French mitochondrial discovery seems to be the key to understanding why cannabis is able to handle several different diseases, including cancer. Without this, skeptics can become more skeptical about all those cannabis cure reports and think of cannabis as snake-oil medicine and an excuse to get “high.”

Also, many others will be duped into using mainstream medical methods that have very poor cure histories with many adverse side effects before desperation drives them toward cannabis or any other alternative method.

Health Impact News has reported several cannabis cure anecdotal sources and scientific studies that you can access here [1].

The Mitochondria Mystery and Source of Cancer

Mitochondria organelles [2] are within all cells in the human body except for blood. These tiny mitochondrial organelles provide the needed cellular energy sources that are in every multi-cell organism for properly metabolizing nutrients with oxygen. They create the adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which the cells use for energy and cellular respiration of oxygen.

Some nutritional molecules contain too much energy to be safely utilized by the cells in which they reside. Those high energy molecules need to be converted into ATP for efficient safe energy utilization. Sufficient ATP is required for safer, more effective handling within cells metabolic functions and their ability to communicate with other cells within the same or other physiological organs.

Mitochondria organelles contained within host cells replicate independently. They have separate cell walls or outer membranes. All plants, animals and fungi are endowed with mitochondria.

There are other functions of ATP as well but what should be taken away from this brief explanation is how mitochondrial production of ATP is a vital function for cellular health and homeostasis that would affect overall health drastically. Mitochondrial damage has been linked as the basic source of many major diseases and annoying chronic issues that are not as life threatening, such as chronic fatigue. (Source) [3]

One of those homeostatic imbalances leads to the Warburg effect. Otto Warburg received the Nobel Prize in 1931 for his cellular respiratory enzyme discoveries. He concluded that all cells need to contain oxygen for proper metabolism, but cancer cells survive without oxygen.

Instead, cancer cells survive by fermenting sugar to survive an acidic environment. This is a major reason why cancer victims should exclude processed sugars from their diets. This underscores the importance of healthy active mitochondria. Without their contributions to normal cellular respiration and metabolism, fermentation takes place to create cancer cells. (Source) [4]

Cancer cells are hungrier for glucose than normal cells are, thus taking away the glucose needed for normal metabolism among healthy cells, which can then be forced into fermentation as well to become additional cancer cells that form tumors. Our polluted and toxic environments, toxic foods, and anxiety ridden lifestyles contribute to mitochondrial damage and dysfunction.

But cannabis can come to the rescue. Cannabis’ helpful cannabinoids can be received by the endocannabinoid receptors, which are now known to be on the surfaces of mitochondria organelles, allowing restoration of mitochondrial activity to restore cellular energy balance or homeostasis by simply ingesting cannabis oil.

Full Spectrum Plant Based Cannabis Offers the Widest Variety of Cures

Cannabinoid receptors within the body make it possible to accept healing cannabinoids from cannabis.

The various cannabinoids exhibit their healing qualities, without adverse side effects, for healing disease situations that mainstream medical drugs cannot come close to matching.

The two major and most well known cannabinoids are THC (tetrahydrocannabinol), the cannabinoid that’s known for creating the “high” while contributing heavily toward healing, and CBD (cannabidiol), which interacts with THC to regulate its potency while also contributing to the healing. (Source) [5]

CBD alone is useful for handling several medical issues, especially epileptic seizures with children and other neurological disorders, however, the balance of CBD and THC has proven to be the most effective solution for many diseases that mainstream medicines harm more than help, especially with cancer. (Source) [6]

The combined THC/CBD ratio and its entourage effect [7]or synergistic combination of all other 83 or so cannabinoids that are part of a natural healing plant surpasses the degree of curative effects for many diseases that CBD does handle alone. The full extracts from the whole natural cannabis plant will never be successfully imitated by the pharmaceutical attempts to cash in on cannabinoids either.

A recent study in Jerusalem, Israel, which has nationalized medical cannabis for research and use among its population, did a study to determine that which many CBD users have concluded as well. Here’s the abstract for that study [8].

Dramatic Cancer Recovery Stories That Are Becoming Common with Cannabis

Even a most difficult to treat lung cancer, asbestos induced mesothelioma, loses out to cannabis. Doctors attempted to cure Andy Ashcraft’s mesothelioma with an experimental chemotherapy drug. It failed. The doctors recommended hospice.

The official mainstream oncology stance is treatment can help, but this condition can’t be cured. “About 40 percent of USA patients live to the one year mark. By the second year, about 20 percent of patients are still alive. And by the third year, the number is 8 percent.”

Andy’s wife Ruth refused hospice. Instead she utilized California’s medical marijuana program to allow Andy’s use of full plant cannabis oil with both THC and CBD and all the plant’s other cannabinoids and terpenes that utilize the plant’s full “entourage effect.”

Amazingly, Andy recovered quickly from this type of cancer that mainstream oncology openly states “treatment can help, but this condition can’t be cured.” Of course, mainstream medicine does not use cannabis oil.

Ruth reported to asbestos.com:

“The man is healthy today, and there is no other explanation for that. Beyond a shadow of doubt, this cannabis oil has worked wonders for him. I’d recommend it for anyone with cancer. I’m not saying it will work every time on everyone, but it’s working for us.” (Source) [9]

A previous Health Impact News report [10] told of a 77 year old retired dentist, Stan Rutner in California who was declared terminal after several mainstream medical interventions had failed to cure his stage 4 lung and brain cancers. He was assigned to hospice and given two weeks to live.

Neither Stan’s daughter Corrine and his future son-in-law, John Malanca wanted Stan to be in such a miserable condition, nor did they want to see him exit this earth plane quite yet. So they set out researching all the ins and outs of cannabis for cancer.

What they found: cannabis oil encapsulated with coconut oil taken orally was effective. In a few months of using the cannabis oil high-THC capsules, Stan was cancer free. Not only did the cannabis get Stan out of hospice and over his cancers, he was healthy enough to go to Corrine and John’s wedding three years later at age 80. His cancer free condition has held for even six years after his escape from hospice. (Source) [10]

John and Corrine realized they had stumbled on their mission, to help others suffering from terrible health and chronic diseases discover their path to healing with cannabis. They created the United Patients’ Group. [11]

Time and time again those who have cured themselves of diseases ranging from Crohn’s to cancer become enthusiastic advocates and supporters of cannabis for health. Even some senior citizens who were once condemned to a lower quality of life through a stream of constantly prescribed pharmaceuticals have turned to cannabis and ditched most of their no longer needed meds.

Israel openly researches and prescribes cannabis products.

There is a reason there is not more “science” in the USA to support all these wonderful stories from those who genuinely wish to help others without financial gain.

The medical, pharmaceutical, and government regulatory establishments don’t want to lose the business and control that would be lost if many more switch to nature’s “sacred plant” for so many health issues.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24505,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

See our original coverage on this story here: Police use Assault Weapons and Tank against Home School Mom wanting to protect daughter from Dangerous Medications

What Modern Day Heroes Look Like—Detroit Mother Maryanne Godboldo & Attorney Allison Folmar

by Kelly Patricia O’Meara

Citizens Commission on Human Rights International

It has been said that “heroes are ordinary people who make themselves extraordinary.”

Maryanne Godboldo and Allison Folmar are extraordinary women. Their names may not elicit immediate recognition by the masses but it is because of their belief in the right of parents—not the state—to decide whether to medicate a child, that their struggle will protect thousands of children who otherwise would have become victims of deeply flawed State Child Protective Services policies.

It’s been two years since Detroit mother, Maryanne Godboldo, withstood an armed assault by a SWAT team and a tank, assault weapons and helicopter, accouterments worthy of a Die Hard film, determined to kidnap, by force, her then 13-year old daughter, Ariana. The alleged crime? Godboldo refused to give Ariana harmfulpsychiatric drugs.

The 55-year old Godboldo, after an hours-long standoff, gave herself up to police, was taken into custody and charged with multiple felony counts.Worse, though, was that 13-year old Ariana was taken into state custody while Godboldo’s case worked its way through the court system.

Watch video: Maryanne Godboldo’s story

Godboldo’s attorney, Allison Folmar, firmly believed in Godboldo’s parental rights and never wavered in her support. Much to her credit, Folmar has represented Godboldo pro-bono throughout the judicial proceedings and was pleased when, in August of 2011, all charges were dropped against Godboldo.

But that was just the first hurdle. It wasn’t until five weeks later that Ariana was returned to Godboldo, and then only after three Michigan courts had determined that Godboldo’s refusal to drug her child was completely legal.

In fact, from beginning to end of the Godboldo saga, no part of the assault had been legal. Child Protective Services did not have a legal court order nor warrant to forcibly remove Ariana from her home. Rather, a “writ” was issued to CPS with literally a rubber stamp, with no judge actually reviewing the request.

To make matters worse, in initially agreeing to treat Ariana with the state-recommended Risperidone—an extremely dangerous antipsychotic—Godboldo signed an informed consent document guaranteeing her the right to stop the medication at any time. Despite these assurances and the law behind Godboldo, Child Protective Services moved forward with the assault—a State policy that apparently has been terminated.

Today the Michigan Department of Human Services reports on its website that the reason for Ariana’s removal no longer exists. “Medication – CPS is not responsible for investigating complaints that allege parents are failing or refusing to provide their children with psychotropic medication such as Ritalin.”

“The Michigan DHS website is interesting,” says Folmar, “because this is what Maryanne’s case is all about. The CPS policy at the time of the assault was different. I can’t help but think that the change is a direct result of this litigation.”

It’s anyone’s guess why Michigan DHS has decided to change its CPS investigation policy, but there is enough startling information about the drugging of children within state programs that one can be sure it is none too soon.

For example, according to a 2012 Government Accountability Office (GAO) report reviewing psychotropic drug prescriptions covered by Medicaid in 2008 for Florida, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Oregon and Texas, “foster children in each of the five states (Maryland’s data was unreliable) were prescribed psychotropic drugs at higher rates than were non-foster children.”

The GAO report further revealed that “foster children in the five states were prescribed psychotropic drugs at rates 2.7 to 4.5 times higher than were non-foster children in Medicaid in 2008 (most recent data) and the rates were higher in each of the age ranges reviewed.”

Additionally, according to the GAO report, children in foster care across the five states were prescribed five or more psychotropic drugs at higher rates than non-foster care children, exceeded the maximum doses at higher rates than non-foster care children and were given to infants (under 1 year old) at higher rates than non-foster care children.

Given the above data, is it any wonder that Godboldo stood up for her daughter? Unfortunately, though, despite having all charges dismissed against her, the Wayne County prosecutor still is looking to take Godboldo to trial.

“They are continuing to try and put Maryanne in prison,” says Folmar, “for standing up and refusing to let police into her home. We won at the district level and the judge saw the case for what it is… the illegal conduct of police. They had no probable cause and no valid order to enter Maryanne’s home.”

“We need help putting the word out,” says Folmar, “that this case affects everyone. Forcing medication down parents throats and literally the throats of children cannot be tolerated. This is about parents’ rights to be able to protect their children.”

“I think,” says Folmar, “that the continued interest in Maryanne is about them sending a message. They are scrambling for some justification of their wrong-doing.”

“In the end,” says Folmar, “it is a basic human right for parents to choose if they want to medicate their children. When the state steps in and says ‘hey, mom and dad, we know what’s better for your child,’ that’s wrong. There are too many of these cases where the state believes it knows more than the parents. It isn’t good for the kids, it isn’t good for the parents and it is ripping families apart.”

“I’m happy,” says Folmar, “to represent someone like Maryanne. She stood up and said ‘no, I refuse to harm my child.’” With respect to CPS and its heavy hand with medication, “It boggles the mind,” says Folmar, “that they are putting kids on medication that they don’t need and is harmful. Maryanne did the right thing to protect her child.” “How could anyone not support that,” asks Folmar. “Whatever it takes,” says Folmar, “we’ll see this through.”

Read the full article here: http://www.cchrint.org/2013/04/23/modern-day-heroes-detroit-mother-maryanne-godboldo-attorney-allison-folmar

Kelly Patricia O’Meara is an award winning investigative reporter for the Washington Times, Insight Magazine, penning dozens of articles exposing the fraud of psychiatric diagnosis and the dangers of the psychiatric drugs – including her ground-breaking 1999 cover story, Guns & Doses, exposing the link between psychiatric drugs and acts of senseless violence. She is also the author of the highly acclaimed book, Psyched Out: How Psychiatry Sells Mental Illness and Pushes Pills that Kill. Prior to working as an investigative journalist, O’Meara spent sixteen years on Capitol Hill as a congressional staffer to four Members of Congress. She holds a B.S. in Political Science from the University of Maryland.

See also:

Child Abuse Laws: Legally Abducting Children by Broadening the Definition of “Child Abuse”

Overruled: Government Invasion of your Parental Rights

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

Free Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32825,"Original Report: US Government Sponsored Medical Research Designed to Kill Babies

by Vera Sharav

ALLIANCE FOR HUMAN RESEARCH PROTECTION

In a follow-up letter, Public Citizen has informed HHS Secretary Sebelius that 4,500 extremely vulnerable premature babies are being enrolled in 7 publicly funded experiments conducted by the National Research Network. This Network, comprised of 23 medical research centers, conducted the lethal oxygen experiment, SUPPORT. See: http://www.ahrp.org/cms/ content/view/915/9/

This is one of the 7 examples:

Transfusion of Prematures (TOP) Trial: Does a Liberal Red Blood Cell TransfusionStrategy Improve Neurologically Intact Survival of Extremely Low Birth Weight Infants as Compared to Restrictive Strategy? (primary endpoints: death or significant neurodevelopmental impairment)

This study is comparing two different strategies for treating anemia (low red blood cell count) in extremely premature infants (birth weight of less than 2.2 pounds). The infants are randomly divided into two groups. Babies in one group receive blood transfusions whenever their red blood cell counts are moderately low (“liberal” transfusion group), and babies in the other group will receive blood transfusions only when their red blood cell counts are severely low (“restricted” transfusion group). The researchers will then determine whether one group of babies has higher rates of death or long term neurologicdamage compared with the other group. The study began in December 2012 and is expected to continue until August 2017. The researchers plan to enroll more than 1,800 extremely premature babies.



See: http://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/ show/NCT01702805

Note that the primary endpoint of the newly uncovered current infant experiments–like that of the oxygen SUPPORT experiment–is listed as “death or severe disability.” That is an indication to us that the experiment is NOT geared toward improving the infant’s survival chances.

Public Citizen urges HHS Secretary to make the protocols and consent forms for these trials and all those conducted by the Network since 1986 public available on the HHS website, and order suspension of new enrollment in the ongoing trials until they are independently assessed for appropriateness and adequacy.

The Alliance for Human Research Protection calls for disciplinary action to hold medical researchers and their academic institutions accountable for violations of Federal research protections. If research violated Federal protections, resulting in preventable injury or deaths, the senior researchers involved should be ineligible to obtain public funding, and their research privileges should be suspended for a probationary period during which they should enroll in medical ethics training. If ever they violate ethical / legal standards again, they should be banned from all research involving human subjects.

AHRP also calls for the revocation of the Federal licensure from academic institutions that have been the site of unethical medical research whose subjects suffered permanent injury or death—as happened in 2001 when Johns Hopkins University research license was suspended. http://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/detrm_ letrs/jul01a.pdf

Baby designed by God

by Dr. Amanda Hess & Dr. Jeremy Hess

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47207,"Press Release

Healthy Traditions

GMO-free and Glyphosate-free Corn Almost Non-existent in the U.S.

Over the past few years Healthy Traditions has tried to find corn in the United States that tested clean for the presence of genetically modified material and the herbicide glyphosate. We tested corn products that were USDA certified organic, and corn that also made claims to be GMO-free.

We found that all of them were contaminated.

We have been successful in some years growing clean corn with our farmers in Wisconsin, but often subsequent harvest years turned up positive results of GMOs in our testing, forcing us to find new sources of open pollinated heirloom corn. As a result, we did not have much corn to sell to our customers, and some years we had none.

But now, we have located some rural farms in Mexico that seem to have clean corn from native varieties.

GMO and Glyphosate Tested Corn from the Birth Place of Corn, Mexico!

Healthy Traditions is excited to bring you a new line of products made from corn grown in the region where corn is thought to have originated, Central Mexico! In order to find a consistent supply of corn that tested negative for both GMO and glyphosate contamination, we began searching in Mexico, where commercial GMO corn production is currently banned because of the rich genetic diversity and cultural significance that corn has there.

This open-pollinated corn has been grown in a traditional fashion, much the same way it has been done for hundreds, if not thousands of years in this region. The family of the farmer that grew this corn has a connection to the land for over a century, and the seed he uses has been passed down from generation to generation.

We asked the farmer to give us an inside look at how the corn is raised and cared for:

Abutted by healthy and well-watered forests of juniper, piñon pine, oak, and other coniferous species, our fields are ideally situated for sustainable cultivation. The minimal topography of our valley allows for cultivation on parcels that range from 12 to 120 acres in size. Our growing season lasts approximately 105 days and planting begins in May, at the start of our rainy season. Seeds are obtained from the highest quality cobs harvested the previous year, unaltered and descended directly from those used generations ago by our ancestors. Approximately 13 to 16 pounds of seed are allotted to each acre in use. To ensure the integrity of the land, we alternate our parcels every other year, utilizing the dormant portions for the production of organically-fed livestock, which in turn provides fertilizer for planting. Livestock also help prepare the land by incorporating the remains of previous harvests into the ground, thereby increasing the soil’s fertility. We never use synthetic or inorganic fertilizers, relying instead upon parcel rotation, as well as the area’s ideal climatic and vegetative characteristics, to minimize exposure to plagues and maximize the quality of our output. Approximately 25 to 30 days after planting, and thereafter as needed, weeds and invasive plants are removed, or mixed with the soil as fertilizer, by mechanical means or, in extreme cases, by hand. Harvest begins in the fall, once the stalks have reached a height of approximately 4 to 7 feet and appear dry. Each plant produces 1 or 2 cobs and the kernels are removed from the stalks by machine and subjected to a thorough cleaning prior to shipment. Excess corn is retained as feed for livestock, which renews the cycle for future cultivation. Our mission remains to bring the finest crops to consumers far and wide, applying the newest and best of organic techniques to an ancient tradition which remains the pride of our family and our people.

Healthy Traditions views the opportunity to help preserve this genetically diverse corn as a great honor and one in which we are proud to be a part of. We are also pleased to work with a grist mill that has agreed to dedicate one of their stone grinders just for grinding GMO-tested and Glyphosate-tested corn. This mill processes no other grains in this facility and our corn is ground in small batches to ensure freshness. The first products we will be offering from this majestic corn are:

Stone Ground Grits – These are coarsely ground and similar to polenta

Stone Ground Cornmeal – This is a coarse flour used as a coating and essential for making traditional corn bread

Stone Ground Corn Flour – A finer grind than meal and can be used alone or in addition with other flours in baked goods

Whole Kernel Corn – Ready for grinding at home

Some of the characteristics that make this corn unique are:

GMO and glyphosate lab tested and not a trace of either found in our samples

Grown without pesticides and herbicides

Farmed sustainably with crop rotation along with grazing animals

Seed that is specific to this region where corn was first cultivated and passed down from generation to generation

Raised traditionally in a culture that takes pride in their corn heritage and strives to protect it from modern genetically altered DNA

Ground in a corn only facility that is dedicated to GMO-tested and Glyphosate-tested corn

Processed in small batches to ensure freshness

We believe this corn is among the finest, highest quality corn found anywhere in North America!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33120,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Last year’s November elections included several state ballots to either introduce medical marijuana or expand beyond permissible medical applications and allow “recreational” use for adults. Former marijuana resistant states Florida, North Dakota, Arkansas, and Montana passed medical cannabis measures by popular vote.

States that had medical marijuana allowances already in place, California, Massachusetts, Nevada, and Maine approved adult recreational marijuana. But the biggest surprise for many was Arizona voters’ rejection of an adult recreational use measure, Proposition 205. Arizona was the only state that refused to advance from its current cannabis status at the polls.

The tide of cannabis acceptance was rising to float the “Yes on Proposition 205” measure to expand state-wide allowances for medical cannabis to the next level of accepting it for adult recreational use. Then something happened: huge cash infusions from vested interest corporations to front groups and “astroturf” groups came out to oppose the Arizona marijuana measure.

Medical Marijuana a Threat to the Opioid Painkiller Market

They often do this by funding groups that promote apparent good causes in name but are actually front groups for industries to reduce or eliminate competition or avoid regulation. With cannabis, those front groups are private prison associations, law enforcement agencies, liquor lobbies, and the pharmaceutical industry. (Source)

Arizonians for Responsible Drug Policy (ARDP) was the major front group for hire that publicly opposed Arizona’s Proposition 205. And its main donor of a half million dollars was a pharmaceutical company based out of Arizona known as Insys Therapeutics. That $$500,000 contribution was five times the only other six-figure donation of $$100,000 on record to the ARDP.

The ARDP used the money to purchase media advertisements featuring paid politicians creating doubts with lies about cannabis’ safety because it supposedly hadn’t been proven safe yet. This is a total lie that raises doubts enough with fence sitters or exacerbates false “Reefer Madness” fears to create a larger mass of voters pulling the “No on Proposition 205” lever rather than the Yes lever.

Let the hypocrisy begin. Here’s a mission statement on Insys’ official investment paperwork:

Our goal is to become a leading biopharmaceutical company focused on CINV [Chemotherapy Induced Nausea and Vomiting], pain management and other central nervous system disorders, with specific expertise in the expanding synthetic cannabinoid derivatives and specialized opioid markets.

Opioid markets they say? Insys most marketed product at the time of the November 2016 ballot to allow cannabis adult recreational use was, and still is, a sublingual spray mist opiate fentanyl chemical called Subsys.

It is one of the top opioid painkillers that is leading the rise of opioid addiction and overdose deaths from prescription drugs.

Insys Therapeutics Subsys sales have skyrocketed over the past few years, and their marketing strategies have inspired serious investigations into their blatant kickback schemes that encourage physicians to over-prescribe dangerous and addictive fentanyl off-label. The FDA had approved their expensive fentanyl sublingual mist, covered by private and governmental insurance for seriously ill cancer patients in pain. Any other use is considered “off-label,” which usually doesn’t draw much corrective attention from the FDA.

But the kickbacks to doctors and other forceful marketing methods pushed by Insys’ reps has led so far to seven convictions and plea bargain confessions. The state governmental investigations began as the trail of dead bodies from opioid addictions and the high costs of these expensive drugs had created a financial crisis with Medicaid and Medicare. But Subsys remains on the market. (Source)

The FDA had recommended Subsys for late stage cancer patient pain, using at lowest possible doses, when other painkillers no longer work.

But that’s a problem with opioids. They do not handle chronic pain as well as cannabis. And as one develops opioid tolerance, the amounts are raised to overcome the tolerance. What can happen eventually is overdosing to the point of not being able to breathe and then, death.

This doesn’t happen with cannabis. As a matter of fact, no one has ever died from overdosing cannabis – ever. It’s impossible. And as one uses cannabis for pain reduction, it’s possible to determine a “sweet spot” dosing that may even be less than when one first started using cannabis for pain. As a matter of proven fact, more people get off of their addiction opioid painkillers in states where marijuana is legal for pain. (Source)

But if pot is allowed for adults without medical prescriptions, then more would be ditching their opioid meds as they realize they’re getting closer to that point where addiction is pushing them to higher dosages approaching lethal levels. Others would realize the side effects of opioid drugs are not worth it. It’s better to use cannabis and suffer less, perhaps even enjoying its use.

So that’s a serious motive for Insys to put up some of their legally questionable marketing techniques to advertise their drugs and to try to minimize cannabis access. Some of their financial success was used recently to settled a 1.1 million dollar lawsuit in Oregon where the Attorney General charged them with “unconscionable, false and deceptive sales tactics.”

Now Insys Has a Synthetic Cannabis Patent Approved

But with the recent FDA approval of Insys Therapeutics Syndros, a synthetic cannabis product intended to treat pain, stock prices are sure to go up. This approval to market Syndros occurred less than half a year after Insys’ half million dollar contribution to help successfully defeat Arizona Proposition 205. Yet another motive for Insys financing against the legal recreational adult use of marijuana.

Leave it to the DEA to hurl the final insult. Syndros is rated as Schedule II in its table of “Controlled Substances.” Cannabis is rated as Schedule I: dangerous, addictive, and without medical merit. Schedule II substances “have a high potential for abuse which may lead to severe psychological or physical dependence.”

But they are allowed to be prescribed for “medical” reasons. Examples of Schedule II narcotics include; hydromorphone (Dilaudid®), methadone (Dolophine®), meperidine (Demerol®), oxycodone (OxyContin®, Percocet®), and fentanyl (Sublimaze®, Duragesic®).

Yes, the DEA considers synthetic cannabis has medical merit while natural whole plant cannabis has none. People who use cannabis medically or otherwise do not become addicted any more than some of us become addicted to certain TV shows.

Any habit formed by marijuana use is easily dropped temporarily or permanently or easily lessened over time.

Factually, nasty side effects are common among almost all pharmaceutical attempts to cheat nature and use patents to create exclusive high-cost sales.

You can count on them, along with the beer and liquor industry associations, to support front groups who are ignorant of cannabis’ history and current medical realities to maintain marijuana as a dangerous drug while creating even more dangerous drugs as legal medicine.

Other Sources:

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/apr/03/big-pharma-marijuana-competition-insys-arizona

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2016/09/09/a-maker-of-deadly-painkillers-is-bankrolling-the-opposition-to-legal-marijuana-in-arizona/?utm_campaign=buffer&utm_content=buffer98ef7&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_term=.3a756317e96e

http://www.cnbc.com/2015/11/04/the-deadly-drug-appeal-of-insys-pharmaceuticals.html

http://www.cnbc.com/2016/02/19/sales-rep-for-insys-painkiller-company-pleads-guilty.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43882,"Evolution News and Views [2]

A bioinformatics specialist, writing at The Conversation [3], takes the myth of science’s neutrality to task. Filipe Gracio of King’s College London is harsh but accurate:

There is no pursuit of knowledge that does not seek to affect the world. Science is made by people with interests, intentions and ambitions; and it’s funded by governments and companies with agendas. Scientific development is subject to funding rules, to expectations about outcomes, and to social forces and institutions that shape our research. (Emphasis added.)

In this sense, science is really a subset of “The Humanities.” What is that? In another piece on The Conversation [4], philosopher Vincent F. Hendricks of the University of Copenhagen tells us: “Humanities is the study of the human condition and the way we interact with nature, technology, health, art, politics, religion, money and mystery.” There’s no room for “science” to exempt itself from that definition.

Some scientists, though, would make the humanities their domain. The humanities are a subset of psychology, they argue, which is a subset of anthropology, which reduces to biology; that, in turn, reduces to physics. But who is doing the reducing? Humans, of course. To keep from devouring each other like big fish eating little fish, the science and humanities departments usually occupy separate buildings across campus, holding an uneasy truce. Hendricks thinks the humanities needs to go on offense; Gracio thinks scientists need to own up to their human biases.

Gracio gives examples of bias, such as intellectual property laws governing drug development and recent attempts to patent genes.

He suggests that scientists could be more unbiased, and should be. But Gracio’s own arguments suggest this is highly unlikely. Here are some of them:

Scientists are at the intersection of competing interests: openness and intellectual property ownership.

Scientists seem oblivious to these competing interests. “Ask them about the nature of scientific progress, the funding decisions of their project, the forces behind it or the interests it serves, and you will get a confused look. This is a problem.”

Scientists cannot justify the predictable outcomes of the projects they are involved in.

Scientific outreach is often one-way, viewing “the public” as “merely a recipient vessel which has to understand the decisions made by scientists and research institutions.”

“Ethics and politics are conspicuously absent” as topics in science curricula.



“Scientists often do not have a clear view of the wider impact of their research or think about the forces that shape it.”

Gracio is not a pessimist. Even though today “There is an enormous gap between the effects and consequences of science, and how much scientists consider these consequences,” he believes, “This is dangerous, but there is something we can do about it.” Just as we rightly scrutinize other activities in the public sphere, such as the actions of private companies or funding for social programs, we should scrutinize science.

But there’s that “should” word. Does anyone believe it will happen soon? Gracio’s final paragraphs sound like a pipe dream:

We scientists should be able to seriously address fundamental questions about our work: what sectors of society does a particular research agenda serve? What agents, public and private, are expected to benefit from anticipated discoveries? What sectors of society might be harmed by them? What could be the misuses of those discoveries? And these answers should go beyond superficial observations used to justify funding. Scientists often do not have a clear view of the wider impact of their research or think about the forces that shape it. As I have illustrated, the results of their progress have serious consequences. Science is an incredibly powerful force that consumes a vast amount of resources, and those who make this machine run need to make sure it’s running in a good direction.

Well, then, maybe a government agency “should” investigate and write a report. This is like repeating the old IBM Pollyanna Principle — “Machines should work. People should think.”

Science is not “out there” like a neutral, robotic thing. The “scientific method” (whatever that is) is not a machine that guarantees, “Input data; output knowledge.” Science is always mediated by fallible humans with imperfect knowledge, prone to selfish interests. The picture of science that Cosmos and the NCSE try to portray is flawed. We have every right to scrutinize their funding, their agendas, and their personal biases — as they do ours.

Rather than looking at “scientists” as a breed apart from the rest of fallible humanity, we should look at science the way C.S. Lewis did. Two insightful comments by Lewis from John West’s 2013 book The Magician’s Twin [5] bear repeating as we continue to debate evolution, advance intelligent design, evaluate evidence, and explore the implications of ideas.

“Strictly speaking, there is, I confess, no such thing as ‘modern science’. There are only particular sciences, all in a stage of rapid change, and sometimes inconsistent with one another.” (Christian Reflections [1945], p. 82.)



“If popular thought feels ‘science’ to be different from all other kinds of knowledge because science is experimentally verifiable, popular thought is mistaken. Experimental verification is not a new kind of assurance coming in to supply the deficiencies of mere logic. We should therefore abandon the distinction between scientific and non-scientific thought. The proper distinction is between logical and non-logical thought.” (De Futilitate)

That’s where the debate can be engaged: over logic. Logic, however, is no more “out there” than science; it is a child of integrity and honesty. Those don’t come out of a test tube, nor can they evolve. We’re all in the humanities together. Let’s be the most honest, logical humans we can be.

Read the Full Article Here [2].

More than a half century ago, famed writer C.S. Lewis warned about how science (a good thing) could be twisted in order to attack religion, undermine ethics, and limit human freedom. In this documentary “The Magician’s Twin: C.S. Lewis and the Case Against Scientism,” leading scholars explore Lewis’s prophetic warnings about the abuse of science and how Lewis’s concerns are increasingly relevant for us today.

Quote from C.S. Lewis:

“I dread government in the name of science. That is how tyrannies come in.”

Editor’s note: Marxism and Nazism (along with eugenics) are examples of tyranny from the past that were based on “science.” Will vaccines and “healthcare,” which today is defined by pharmaceutical products, be the tyranny of the future with “science” being used as the vehicle?

See Also:

[7]

Free Shipping Available [8]!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33097,"by Carlos Greene

(NaturalNews) Warnings against Bisphenol (BPA)-containing plastics are rampant. Most people understand that BPA should be avoided. But do people understand what BPA is? This article attempts to shed light on BPA. However, the information presented here is not all-inclusive and it is important to conduct your own research and make decisions on BPA for yourself.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.naturalnews.com/031651_BPA_chemicals.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42930,"On May 19, 2017, 4-year-old Chase Walker-Stevens, a vaccine-injured child with severe cerebral palsy and epilepsy, was forcibly removed from his parents because they had chosen to wean their son off all pharmaceutical products and treat him holistically with organic food. In a video taken minutes after Chase was stolen, his father, Marc Stevens, wept as he told friends and supporters how police had stormed into the hospital, locked him into the bathroom and snatched Chase from his mother’s arms, before arresting her. During the distressing six-minute footage of events which has gone viral and has now been viewed over 3 million times, we can witness for ourselves how supporters of the family are pepper sprayed by the police as they watch the child’s mother, Cini, being dragged from the hospital kicking and screaming. Today, Chase is being looked after by complete strangers in another state, whilst his parents have been kept in the dark as to where their son is.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32665,"by Dr. Mercola [1]

[1]A new mechanism has been discovered that connects phosphatidyl choline (also called lecithin), a common dietary fat, along with intestinal microflora, to an increased risk of heart disease. The study shows that the heart risk of people with a diet high in the lipid depends on how the micro-organisms that live in their digestive tracts metabolize it.

When lecithin and choline were fed to mice, the substances were converted to a heart disease-forming product by the intestinal microbes. In humans, higher blood levels of choline and the heart disease forming microorganism products are strongly associated with increased cardiovascular disease risk.

According to Science Daily:

“… [D]ifferences in gut flora metabolism of the diet from one person to another appear to have a big effect on whether one develops heart disease.”

Sources:

Science Daily April 6, 2011

Nature April 7, 2011; 472(7341):57-63

Dr. Mercola’s Comments:

All the new studies are leading many experts to come to the conclusion that probiotics as a supplement are probably more important to take than a multivitamin. With time we should see a shift in people’s understanding of this and as a result shift their supplement choices. Many people are not aware that the micro-organisms living in their digestive tracts form a very important “inner ecosystem” that influences countless aspects of health. More specifically, the type and quantity of organisms in your gut interact with your body in ways that can either prevent or encourage the development of many diseases, and the latest chronic ailment to join the already long roster is heart disease.

What Does Your Gut Have to do With Your Heart?

The impact of diet on heart disease has long been understood (albeit with some very flawed nutritional dogmas [2]) but what is less clear is why two people eating the very same diet can end up with two very different levels of heart health. Without a doubt, some of this variance has to do with nutritional type [3], and whether your diet is in agreement with yours, along with epigenetic malleability [4], which is influenced by your lifestyle choices. But the latest research is pointing to another theory for this phenomenon, and that is the makeup of your gut flora. According to data from nearly 2,000 people, when the bacteria in your gut break down lecithin, a fat found in meat, eggs, dairy and other animal foods along with baked goods and dietary supplements, ands its metabolite choline, it leads to the creation of a by-product called trimethylamine N-oxide or TMAO. TMAO encourages fatty plaque deposits to form within arteries (atherosclerosis), and the more TMAO you have in your blood the greater your risk of heart disease becomes. It’s not clear which types of gut bacteria lead to the formation of TMAO, but it’s suggested that probiotics may help to buffer the effect and thereby help prevent heart disease. Probiotics have already been found to prompt changes in your body that lead to lower blood pressure [5], as well as influence the activity of hundreds of your genes, helping them to express in a positive, disease-fighting manner. So it makes sense that your gut bacteria and diet would interact in ways that influence your health. After all, as the study’s senior author, Stanley Hazen, M.D., Ph.D., told Science Daily [6]: “Gut flora is a filter for our largest environmental exposure — what we eat.”

What Else Does Your Gut Bacteria Impact?

When you consider that your gut is quite literally your second brain [7] as well as the home to 80 percent of your immune system [8], it doesn’t take a large stretch of the imagination to see that its influence can easily encompass your heart as well. But the impact of your gut bacteria doesn’t end there … Your body contains about 100 trillion bacteria — more than 10 TIMES the number of cells you have in your entire body. Ideally, the ratio between the bacteria in your gut is 85 percent “good” and 15 percent “bad.” This healthy ratio of good to bad gut bacteria is essential for: Protection against over-growth of other microorganisms that could cause disease

Digestion of food and absorption of nutrients and certain carbohydrates

Producing vitamins, absorbing minerals and eliminating toxins

Preventing allergies

Maintaining natural defenses Numerous studies have also shown that your gut flora plays a role in: Mood, psychological health, and behavior

Celiac disease

Diabetes

Weight gain and obesity

Metabolic syndrome

The Best Way to Optimize Your Gut Flora and Prevent Heart Disease

Your gut bacteria are vulnerable to your lifestyle. If you eat a lot of sugar, refined grains and processed foods, for instance, your gut bacteria are going to be compromised because processed foods in general will destroy healthy microflora and feed bad bacteria and yeast. Your gut bacteria are also very sensitive to: Antibiotics

Chlorinated water

Antibacterial soap

Agricultural chemicals

Pollution Because of this, you need to avoid processed, refined foods in your diet (this is essential for heart disease prevention [9], too) and regularly reseed your gut with good bacteria to keep your microflora healthy. To do this, I recommend: Fermented foods are still the best route to optimal microflora health, as long as you eat the traditionally made, unpasteurized versions. Healthy choices include lassi (an Indian yogurt drink, traditionally enjoyed before dinner), fermented raw milk such as kefir, various pickled fermentations of cabbage, turnips, eggplant, cucumbers, onions, squash and carrots, and natto (fermented soy).

If you regularly eat fermented foods such as these that, again, have not been pasteurized (pasteurization kills the naturally occurring probiotics), your healthy gut bacteria will thrive. One of the benefits of optimizing your gut flora with fermented foods is that some of them are also excellent sources of vitamin K2, which is important for preventing arterial plaque buildup and heart disease [10] . For vitamin K2, cheese and especially cheese curd is an excellent source. The starter ferment for both regular cheese and curd cheese contains bacteria—lactococci and proprionic acids bacteria—which both produce K2. You can also obtain all the K2 you’ll need (about 200 micrograms) by eating 15 grams of natto daily, which is half an ounce. But most people find the texture and taste non-appealing and prefer the convenience of a probiotic supplement.

If you regularly eat fermented foods such as these that, again, have not been pasteurized (pasteurization kills the naturally occurring probiotics), your healthy gut bacteria will thrive. Probiotic supplement. Although I’m not a major proponent of taking many supplements (as I believe the majority of your nutrients need to come from food), probiotics are definitely an exception.

I have used many different brands over the past 15 years and there are many good ones out there. I also spent a long time researching and developing my own, called Complete Probiotics, in which I incorporated everything I have learned about this important tool over the years. If you do not eat fermented foods, taking a high-quality probiotic supplement is definitely recommended. The wide-reaching impact of healthy gut bacteria renders them useful and beneficial for a number of health concerns, some of which are still being uncovered. And because adding probiotics to your diet is so easy, by way of cultured foods and/or supplements, it’s one step I highly encourage you to take on your journey to optimal heart and overall health. For more tips on preventing heart disease naturally, including how to reduce your risk of sudden death, which is the most common “symptom” of heart disease, read this important past article [11].

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/04/19/your-gut-bacteria-linked-to-your-risk-for-heart-disease.aspx [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22071,"Raw Milk Bill Scheduled for Vote in House “Free Enterprise” Bill to Help Farmers Market More Efficiently

by Judith McGeary

Farm & Ranch Freedom Alliance

(Austin, TX): Texas lawmakers will have the opportunity to make it easier for consumers to buy raw milk on Thursday (May 7, 2015), when House Bill 91 is scheduled to come up for a vote on the floor of the House.

The bill, which was approved by the Public Health Committee, will loosen the current regulations that only allow raw milk to be sold on the farm by allowing dairy farmers to sell raw milk at farmers’ markets and to make delivery arrangements with their customers.

“Currently, Texans have to travel to a licensed dairy to buy raw milk,” explained Farm and Ranch Freedom Alliance Executive Director Judith McGeary. “This bill reduces costs and hassle for consumers, while allowing farmers a fair opportunity to market their products,” she continued.

Kris Errickson, whose 13-year old daughter testified to the Public Health Committee in favor of the bill, explained the impact raw milk had on her daughter’s health. “My daughter suffered from food allergies and eczema for much of her life. Her condition changed for the better after implementing a strict diet including raw milk. However, for the past two years my husband battled terminal brain cancer. Driving hours for raw milk was too burdensome, so she had no milk during this time, and her eczema recently returned.”

Texas State Rep. Dan Flynn(R-Canton), the bill’s sponsor, has called it a “free-enterprise” bill. “If you have a legal product, it seems like you should be able to sell it at a farmers’ market,” Flynn told committee members at a hearing on April 21.

Mark Hutchins, a second generation raw milk dairy farmer from Greenville who also testified at the hearing, encouraged the full House to pass the legislation. “The House should affirm that licensed, regulated and legal raw milk is a safe product that ought to be more readily available to interested consumers.

As a raw milk producer myself, I know how hard raw milk farmers work to ensure the safety, health and wellbeing of their loyal customers, and how much it means to customers to be able to access this product. I urge the Texas House to quickly pass HB 91 and support the freedom of farmers and consumers to choose what is best for their families’ health and safety.”

A fact sheet on HB 91 is available at: http://farmandranchfreedom. org/wp-content/uploads/2015/ 05/Fact-sheet-HB91-floor-vote. pdf

Full Press Release here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33345,"For hot summer days when you do not want to heat up your kitchen using the oven or stove, but still want to incorporate coconut and coconut oil into your diet, consider these no bake recipes! Most of them require refrigeration or putting into the freezer, so not only are you not heating up your kitchen and house, but you have something cool to put in your mouth and cool yourself down! Click on each picture to go to the actual recipe.

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[18]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [18]

[20]

[21]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43852,"by Brian Shilhavy

Meanwhile his disciples urged him, “Rabbi, eat something.” But he said to them, “I have food to eat that you know nothing about.” Then his disciples said to each other, “Could someone have brought him food?” “My food,” said Jesus, “is to do the will of him who sent me and to finish his work.” (John 4:31-34)

Did you know that there is physical food and there is spiritual food? One may be enjoying good nutritious physical food and be completely nutrient lacking in spiritual food, or even starving to death spiritually. We wrote previously regarding the necessity of spiritual food [1], as taught by Moses in the Old Testament writings of the Bible. Moses wrote:

He humbled you, causing you to hunger and then feeding you with manna, which neither you nor your fathers had known, to teach you that man does not live on bread alone but on every word that comes from the mouth of the LORD. (Deuteronomy 8:3)

The spiritual food that Moses wrote about was symbolized by the physical manna, which was a heavenly bread that God gave to the Israelites all the years they sojourned in the desert after they left Egypt, and before they came into the promised land. But the actual spiritual food was “every word that comes from the mouth of the LORD.”

Jesus states this very same truth regarding spiritual food in John chapter 4 in the verses above, when he took time out to talk to the Samaritan woman at a well near the Samaritan town of Sychar. His disciples had gone into town to buy physical food to eat. When they brought the food back to presumably start preparing for a meal (probably no ready-made fast food in those days!), they urged Jesus to eat with them. But Jesus had just finished a long discussion with this woman explaining that he was the Messiah and the fulfillment of their prophecies, and she was now bringing the rest of the town out to meet him and hear his teaching. This was no time to eat! Jesus took time to meet the spiritual needs of the people in the town before he took care of his own physical needs for food, because this was what God was telling him to do at that particular time.

Jesus demonstrated the superiority of spiritual food over physical food. Obviously it is not wrong to eat a meal at meal times, but in this particular situation God had a specific plan for Jesus to accomplish, and that was Jesus’ spiritual food. Jesus stated on many occasions that while he lived his life on earth, that he never did anything that God wasn’t already telling him to do. Jesus did not speak or act out of his own initiative. He only spoke the words God gave him to speak, and only did the things God told him to do. Always.

Jesus gave them this answer: “I tell you the truth, the Son can do nothing by himself; he can do only what he sees his Father doing, because whatever the Father does the Son also does. (John 5:19)

By myself I can do nothing; I judge only as I hear, and my judgment is just, for I seek not to please myself but him who sent me. (John 5:30)

So Jesus said, “When you have lifted up the Son of Man, then you will know that I am the one I claim to be and that I do nothing on my own but speak just what the Father has taught me. (John 8:28)

Jesus had perfect spiritual nutrition, because he perfectly heard and perfectly obeyed everything God told him. Now we can have spiritual food also, by listening to Jesus and obeying his instructions for our lives. Spiritual food is superior to physical food, because it leads to eternal life and spiritual health, whereas physical food only nourishes our body, which will eventually die and decay.

Jesus came into a village one day where two sisters invited them into their home. One of them busied herself with preparing for the meal, while the other one took time to listen to Jesus’ teaching. One was concerned with physical food, while the other was concerned about spiritual food:

As Jesus and his disciples were on their way, he came to a village where a woman named Martha opened her home to him. She had a sister called Mary, who sat at the Lord’s feet listening to what he said. But Martha was distracted by all the preparations that had to be made. She came to him and asked, “Lord, don’t you care that my sister has left me to do the work by myself? Tell her to help me!” “Martha, Martha,” the Lord answered, “you are worried and upset about many things, but only one thing is needed. Mary has chosen what is better, and it will not be taken away from her.” (Luke 10:38-42)

On another occasion Jesus was teaching in a rural area where several thousand people showed up to listen to him teach, and to perform miracles of healing. On that occasion he took “five small barley loaves and two small fish” and multiplied it into enough physical food to feed thousands of people. It was such an incredible miracle, that the people wanted to make him king right then and there. But Jesus knew that they were more concerned about physical food than spiritual food, and tried to teach them the difference. Here is the conversation as recorded by John:

When they found him on the other side of the lake, they asked him, “Rabbi, when did you get here?” Jesus answered, “I tell you the truth, you are looking for me, not because you saw miraculous signs but because you ate the loaves and had your fill. Do not work for food that spoils, but for food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give you. On him God the Father has placed his seal of approval.” Then they asked him, “What must we do to do the works God requires?” Jesus answered, “The work of God is this: to believe in the one he has sent.” So they asked him, “What miraculous sign then will you give that we may see it and believe you? What will you do? Our forefathers ate the manna in the desert; as it is written: ‘He gave them bread from heaven to eat.'” Jesus said to them, “I tell you the truth, it is not Moses who has given you the bread from heaven, but it is my Father who gives you the true bread from heaven. For the bread of God is he who comes down from heaven and gives life to the world.” “Sir,” they said, “from now on give us this bread.” Then Jesus declared, “I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will never go hungry, and he who believes in me will never be thirsty. But as I told you, you have seen me and still you do not believe. All that the Father gives me will come to me, and whoever comes to me I will never drive away. For I have come down from heaven not to do my will but to do the will of him who sent me. And this is the will of him who sent me, that I shall lose none of all that he has given me, but raise them up at the last day. For my Father’s will is that everyone who looks to the Son and believes in him shall have eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day.”

At this the Jews began to grumble about him because he said, “I am the bread that came down from heaven.” They said, “Is this not Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How can he now say, “I came down from heaven’?” “Stop grumbling among yourselves,” Jesus answered. “No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him, and I will raise him up at the last day. It is written in the Prophets: ‘They will all be taught by God.’ Everyone who listens to the Father and learns from him comes to me. No one has seen the Father except the one who is from God; only he has seen the Father. I tell you the truth, he who believes has everlasting life. I am the bread of life. Your forefathers ate the manna in the desert, yet they died. But here is the bread that comes down from heaven, which a man may eat and not die. I am the living bread that came down from heaven. If anyone eats of this bread, he will live forever. This bread is my flesh, which I will give for the life of the world.” Then the Jews began to argue sharply among themselves, “How can this man give us his flesh to eat?” Jesus said to them, “I tell you the truth, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you. Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day. For my flesh is real food and my blood is real drink. Whoever eats my flesh and drinks my blood remains in me, and I in him. Just as the living Father sent me and I live because of the Father, so the one who feeds on me will live because of me. This is the bread that came down from heaven. Your forefathers ate manna and died, but he who feeds on this bread will live forever.”

He said this while teaching in the synagogue in Capernaum. On hearing it, many of his disciples said, “This is a hard teaching. Who can accept it?” Aware that his disciples were grumbling about this, Jesus said to them, “Does this offend you? What if you see the Son of Man ascend to where he was before! The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you are spirit and they are life. (John 6:25-63)

Jesus tried to explain to them the superiority of spiritual food over physical food. Remember, spiritual food is defined as hearing the voice of God and obeying it. Jesus did this perfectly, and had perfect spiritual health. The main principles regarding spiritual food that Jesus taught in the passage above were:

1. To recognize Jesus’ voice and the truth he was speaking, one had to know God first, and most of the Jews of his day did not. Manny of them knew about God through the writings of Moses and the Old Testament scriptures, but few actually knew him personally. If they were not already being nourished with spiritual food by listening to and obeying the voice of God, as Moses had taught them, then they would not recognize Jesus’ voice either.

2. Spiritual food is more important than physical food, because it has eternal value: “The Spirit gives life; the flesh counts for nothing. The words I have spoken to you are spirit and they are life.”

3. Jesus spoke of spiritual food symbolically by calling it his flesh/body and his blood. He was of course referring to his sacrificial death on the cross which as yet had not happened when he spoke these words in John chapter 6. These statements about his flesh and blood brought tremendous confusion to those present, and most of them stopped following Jesus, probably thinking he was crazy. But a short time later Jesus’ body was pierced as he was nailed to the cross, and his blood spilled onto the ground. That voluntary death broke the power of sin and physical death over the human race, allowing Jesus to offer spiritual life and eternal life to all who believe in him and accept his free gift of salvation. It is a spiritual salvation that results in us being reborn spiritually [2]. This act of faith in accepting Jesus’ spiritual gift of salvation is in essence our first spiritual meal. Jesus instituted a kind of memorial meal just before he died on the cross that is commonly known today as “the Lord’s Supper.” It took place during the Jewish Passover meal:

When the hour came, Jesus and his apostles reclined at the table. And he said to them, “I have eagerly desired to eat this Passover with you before I suffer. For I tell you, I will not eat it again until it finds fulfillment in the kingdom of God.” After taking the cup, he gave thanks and said, “Take this and divide it among you. For I tell you I will not drink again of the fruit of the vine until the kingdom of God comes.” And he took bread, gave thanks and broke it, and gave it to them, saying, “This is my body given for you; do this in remembrance of me.” In the same way, after the supper he took the cup, saying, “This cup is the new covenant in my blood, which is poured out for you.” (Luke 22:14-20)

This memorial dinner Jesus had with his disciples just before he went to the cross was to symbolize the New Covenant Jesus was instituting by his sacrificial death. Just as a lamb was sacrificed under the Old Covenant that Moses had instituted, and the blood of the lamb was put on the doorposts of the Hebrew slaves living in Egypt so that the angel of death might pass them by, so now Jesus was becoming the Lamb of God whose blood spilling on the cross would take away the sins of the world.

This is where your spiritual nutrition starts, and your first spiritual food. It starts by believing in Jesus for your spiritual health and spiritual rebirth [2]. Then it continues as we listen to Jesus and his instructions for our lives as we live out the rest of our days here on this earth. The closer we listen and the more we obey and carry out the instructions he gives us, the healthier we are spiritually.

What is your spiritual health like today? Are you lacking in spiritual nutrition, or perhaps even starving to death spiritually? Physical food will only nourish your body which one day will die [3] and begin the process of decay, returning to the dust of the earth. But your spirit will live on into eternity. Is your spirit currently nourished, or famished? Spiritual food comes from Jesus, and it is FREE! Ask him today for your daily bread, his specific instructions for your life, so that you will not go spiritually hungry.

Then Jesus declared, “I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will never go hungry, and he who believes in me will never be thirsty.” (John 6:35)

Related articles:

The Necessity of Spiritual Food [1]

Our Need for “Daily Bread” [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32682,"2013 was the year the CDC and FDA finally admitted there were problems with the pertussis (whooping cough) vaccine. When cases of whooping cough spiked in 2012, the media and medical community was quick to rush in and blame unvaccinated children. The data, however, could not support that claim. In 2013, there were two major research papers published documenting the failure of the pertussis vaccine. I don't believe the first one, published in early 2013, received any mainstream media exposure at all, while the second one, later in the year, was back-page news. However, both of these studies should have been headline stories. The first one showed how pertussis was becoming vaccine-resistant, while the second, published by the FDA, showed that those vaccinated for whooping cough still carried around the virus and spread it to others. So both the CDC and the FDA were aware in 2013 that the whooping cough vaccine was not effective, and yet it is still part of the vaccine schedule. Why?",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42916,"Gardasil: No benefit for us!

by Jenny from Australia

SaneVax.org

At 12 years old, my beautiful daughter Jemma was a happy, bright, fun-loving girl filled with energy. She was always on the go, never content to just sit around the house. Jemma was continuously asking to go to a friend’s place for a sleep-over or arranging to be entertained by other activities.

Jemma’s first love was dancing. From the moment she entered her first dance class at 5 years old, she exhibited a natural flexibility and skill. She thrived on doing the splits and bridges and thoroughly enjoyed making dance video clips with her friends.

Shortly before entering secondary school Jemma became interested in horseback riding and thoroughly enjoyed her lessons. We had no idea how drastically our lives would change because of one simple decision we were about to make.

When Jemma began secondary school, a letter was sent home to vaccinate her with the HPV vaccine to protect her against cervical cancer. I decided not to have the injection done at school; that we would go to our doctor’s surgery to have it done.

My husband wasn’t keen to have this done and said, “We never had anything like this when we were young and we are all fine”.

I felt I wanted to protect my daughter against cervical cancer and didn’t agree. However, it did make me think I must research this as I was aware it was fairly a new vaccine. I got busy and never did the research.

My niece had this injection and she was okay. Although looking back knowing what Jemma has gone through, my niece did experience continuous fatigue – however my sister never connected it to the vaccine. She just thought her daughter was more exhausted from starting the more difficult secondary school schedule. Knowing that my niece had it made me think for some reason it must be good.

I decided to allow Jemma to have the HPV vaccine, Gardasil. This had a huge impact for me. My whole soul was riddled with guilt. I felt it was the worst decision I had ever made for my child and certainly my biggest regret ever.

I can’t tell you how many times the phrase IF ONLY, IF ONLY… echoed through my mind!!!!

As the years have passed, I have been somewhat able to overcome this. Now, I concentrate my energy on the healing process for my daughter.

What Gardasil did for us?

When my daughter had the first shot she complained of a sore heavy arm. I didn’t think much of it. I just thought it’s most likely like all the other vaccines she has had and it is a normal reaction.

Our nightmare began after her second injection which was given on Thursday 24th April 2014. Three days later, on Sunday at lunchtime, Jemma complained of brain fog and a sudden bad headache. I gave her painkillers and it didn’t relieve her headache. I thought that was quiet unusual as she never experienced anything like this before.

The next day she still had the headache along with extreme fatigue. For the first time I wondered whether the vaccine had anything to do with her new symptoms. I made an appointment with my doctor, who confirmed she had a reaction to the vaccine. He said that her headache would go away in 2 weeks and referred us to a chiropractor.

I went back to my GP after 2 weeks to say her headaches were still there so he referred me to a paediatrician.

The paediatrician said he “had never seen anyone like this before,” ran some blood tests and referred us to the Royal Children’s Hospital. I had already been in contact with them and they weren’t much help.

I started searching on the internet for answers and I came across a doctor in Los Angeles who had treated Gardasil injured girls. I made an appointment as he used Skype for his international patients. He was a very caring knowledgeable doctor and wanted to run various tests.

Hope for recovery?

Around this same time, I happened to mention what was happening with my daughter while visiting our dentist. The nurse said she knew someone whose daughter was badly injured after having this vaccine and had nearly died. She said she could put me in contact with her. I gratefully accepted her offer.

The wonderful, caring, supportive lady I then met, led me in the right direction to heal my daughter. After speaking with her for a short time, I suddenly realised Jemma was not alone. Many others were suffering after using this vaccine and many had died – not only in Australia, but around the world. I was horrified! I felt sick knowing that Gardasil had damaged so many other families. In fact, I was totally and utterly surprised it was still on the market.

I decided not to proceed with the doctor in Los Angeles because it would be easier to see someone in my own country now that I had guidance from this wonderful lady on how she helped her daughter get well. I made an appointment to see the Neuro Trainer who does a gentle detox and starts to build up the immune system.

The earliest appointment I could get was in four weeks so I decided, in the meantime, to have Jemma see a naturopath who did acupuncture and started her on supplements. We also changed her diet to gluten, dairy free & limited sugar. We started using all organic fruit and vegetables and all organic products for her skin and within the house environment.

Things went from bad to worse. Jemma’s symptoms got more intense. She started to experience extreme head pressure – so bad, she thought her head was going to explode. Jemma would say to me 20 times a day my head is sore and hold her head with her arms. She was now sensitive to noise and light. Her eyes were extremely sore and she found it hard to keep them open. She endured a rapid heartbeat, 20-second silent seizures began on and off for 2 months, tingling and numbness in her legs, bottom and feet, ears ringing, extreme abdominal pain & vomiting for the next 2 months on. She could only sleep upright on the couch as laying down she would endure tremendous pain in her abdomen. She experienced extreme fatigue.

I had her eyes tested and we got glasses to help with her headaches. Trips to the hospital became more frequent. One doctor at the hospital didn’t believe the vaccine was the cause and referred us to a Gastro specialist who diagnosed Jemma with Irritable Bowel Syndrome. He also told me the vaccine didn’t do this – however, was very happy to share with me the side effects of HPV infections.

Jemma had intolerances to food before Gardasil and was already following a Fod Map diet so I felt the Gastro specialist wasn’t much help. He only told me what I already knew.

Jemma’s headaches were still persistent with a sore throat, muscle aches (mainly upper legs and upper arms) her body temperature was cold, there were concentration problems, dizziness and she found it very hard to get to sleep. I would lay with her every night and massage her head to try and get her to sleep.

She was unable to go to school for 3 months and eventually she started back at school but could only go for 2 hours a day for the next 6 months.

In July 2014, Jemma started dropping items then her hips started hurting and then her legs started collapsing underneath her – she could barely walk. This was so frightening to watch and went on for three weeks. We got crutches to help her get around. She regained her walking ability again but was very limited. We did many visits to have reflexology and foot spas as this helped.

Jemma became a girl who only wanted to stay home and go nowhere and this just broke my heart tremendously as before this hell her life was so full of excitement. She no longer had sleepovers at friends. She tried but her pain was too bad, so she would call me to pick her up.

Jemma was suffering extreme fatigue, so we decided to do a 12 week program at a chronic fatigue health clinic. Her fatigue still continued to appear the same. We also saw a physiotherapist to help with her leg pain.

Jemma started the New Year off back in school fulltime with many visits to the sickbay to recoup. She continued to struggle and I would frequently find myself at school picking her up.

Jemma started getting unusual marks on her body that almost looked like stretch marks. She isn’t a big girl but health professionals were saying it was stretch marks. I thought different because they changed colour to a deep purple and then went back to red. So I pursued this and researched further. I started thinking she might have Lyme disease. Families affected by Gardasil in other countries had mentioned their daughters had similar marks which subsequently were diagnosed as Lyme.

Eventually, I found a doctor who specialises in Lyme here in Australia. These doctors are rare because Lyme disease is not a recognized disorder in our country. He confirmed with a clinical diagnosis that she had Lyme with co infections. We had her blood test sent to Igenex lab in the USA and it came back positive. Apparently it remains dormant and when Gardasil was given it got triggered somehow. Knowing she has Lyme disease has given us a direction. Now, we can treat the disease instead of constantly wondering what is making our daughter so ill. So now we are trying to heal her from Lyme disease also.

We have sought help from a Neuroscientist/Chiropractor and started treatment in Neuroplasticity. So far Jemma has been responding well to treatment hoping for a great outcome and feeling extremely positive with this new treatment plan.

Still riding the Gardahell train!

We made the decision to home-school Jemma with direction from our Lyme Doctor to only do minimum subjects as she continues to find it hard to be at school and has missed a lot of days attending due to her pain.

Jemma has improved, however she is still not 100%. She still has persistent headaches, sore eyes and weakness in her upper legs and arms. Some days she still finds it hard to walk, particularly toward the end of the day.

I’m so proud of her for not giving up – she has come such a long way – and she still keeps trying. Now, she can even enjoy the odd sleepover without experiencing extreme fatigue.

I hope every day her quality of life continues to improve so she can one day enjoy life in the manner she so richly deserves – the way she enjoyed life BEFORE Gardasil.

We decided to share our story because we wouldn’t wish this on any child or family. It is horrendous! Nothing is more stressful than seeing your child in pain when you can’t seem to do anything to fix it. Many times I felt helpless and often in those first 3 months I’d cry myself to sleep, not knowing where to turn. No family deserves that kind of agony!

I continue to spread awareness of the serious side effects so parents can make a fully informed decision about HPV vaccines. I strongly believe doctors aren’t telling us enough. Maybe it’s because they don’t know enough, but that is no excuse. They are supposed to be the experts. They are supposed to protect their patients.

My experience has shown me this is not necessarily the case. When I told my GP Gardasil was making some girls sterile he said, “That isn’t true.”

Then I came back a week later showing him Dr Deirdre Little’s findings. I got the impression he was somewhat surprised. Dr Deirdre Little has a peer reviewed article on three cases of premature ovarian failure. She has provided me with great support and knowledge. I continue to bring peer reviewed articles to my GP.

We are having Jemma’s hormone levels checked now that she is 14 years old and will continue to monitor this. We are making sure she isn’t affected in this area as some girls have become sterile after HPV vaccinations.

The more I read the more I feel Gardasil is a pointless and poisonous vaccine particularly when a simple regular pap smear and safe sex is all that is needed to control cervical cancer – like when I grew up.

I certainly have a completely different view on drug companies (Merck in particular) who are ignoring the serious side effects and harm their products have caused to thousands of families worldwide. It makes me wonder how they sleep at night. This is a pure medical stuff up in my opinion.

I continue to warn every parent to get fully informed about this vaccine and do your research. I have no trust in our health system and feel doctors aren’t informing us enough on the risks and have no idea how to help the sick children affected by HPV vaccines.

I continue to hope my daughter will completely recover. Nevertheless, I consider Jemma is one of the lucky ones. At least she has an opportunity to recover – many didn’t get that chance. Their parents paid the ultimate price. This makes my skin crawl and I shiver even knowing young lives have been taken away and families destroyed. It is just disgraceful and wrong at every level.

I will never stop warning others – I spread awareness to save other children. No child deserves to have their life cut short by disability or death. No family deserves to live with this type of pain.

I can only hope one day this vaccine will be withdrawn from the Immunization schedule so that our healthy young girls and boys will not be submitted to so much risk for so little benefit.

Read the entire article on SaneVax.org.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com

More about Gardasil

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32439,"by John Thomas

Health Impact News

Is it safe to discuss the option of not vaccinating your children with your child’s pediatrician? Are you risking being turned over to Child Protective Services, if you and your doctor disagree about vaccination?

During a recent conversation with Judy Converse, MPH RD LD, a pediatric nutrition specialist, I discussed the medical kidnapping of infants and children by agents of Child Protective Services. Judy Converse provides services to children with a wide range of neurodevelopmental conditions.

She also had the personal experience of being threatened with Child Protective Services involvement when she refused to continue vaccinating her son in the mid-1990s when he started experiencing developmental delays. She is the author of three books on the topic of nutrition and child development, and has lectured at numerous national and local gatherings for parents and professionals on topics related to autism, Asperger’s, and related developmental conditions. Her work emphasizes the profound impact nutrition and a healthy gut have on the developing brain.

I posed the following question to Judy Converse during an interview on March 26, 2015.

QUESTION: How can a parent who is concerned about the harm caused by vaccines determine if it will be safe to work with a specific pediatrician, and not worry about whether you and your children will be turned over to Child Protective Services if you disagree with the doctor?

Judy Converse began her reply this way:

To be really frank, any pediatrician in a conventional practice is probably under some quotas to vaccinate. They make money vaccinating their patients and they truly believe this is the right thing to do. Some of them will offer some flexibility on the vaccination schedule, and I think that is the person that you might first want to speak with. Parents have shared with me that even in those offices, once they ask for what they want, they will eventually reach a point of disagreement and the pediatrician will say, “I am not willing to be THAT flexible for you.” When this happens, then you probably need to leave that practice and find a different one. There is no point banging your head against a wall with somebody you will have this ongoing argument with. There is no point in that, because your child is going to be caught in the middle.

I will share additional comments from Judy Converse about this topic later in this article. In addition, she will use her professional training in nutrition sciences to help us understand gut dysfunction, which appears in almost all cases of vaccine and antibiotic related injuries in children. She will discuss how parents can help their children heal their digestive systems so they can digest and absorb food, and recover their lives after vaccine injury. Adults with vaccine injury face the same challenge of healing the gut.

This is the fourth article in a series about healing from vaccine related damage. Previous articles include:

Background of Judy Converse

Before I share more of my conversation with Judy Converse, I want to tell you a little bit more about her background.

She has a Master’s degree in Public Health Nutrition from the University of Hawaii (1988), and a Bachelor’s degree in Food Science and Human Nutrition from the University of Vermont.

Her career path as a nutrition care provider changed in 1996 with the birth of her son. He was challenged with growth, feeding, and developmental problems which began to appear at birth caused by the Hepatitis-B vaccine. She was not able to obtain help from pediatricians for her son at that time, and she needed to research the solution to her son’s condition on her own.

Fortunately, because of her training in pediatric nutrition, she was able to piece together a nutrition based treatment program to move her son forward on the path to health. Her success encouraged other parents and they asked her for the same help.

When she realized no one was available to guide other families toward healing, she opened her pediatric nutrition practice in 1999. Since that time, Ms. Converse has expanded her training to include functional and integrative nutrition for babies and children. Her nutrition practice, Nutrition Care for Children, assists infants, toddlers, children, teens, and young adults (age 0-24).

She specializes in supporting those who have failed with conventional medical measures for food allergy, feeding/growth concerns, feeding clinics, tube feeding, asthma, ADD/ADHD, autism, Asperger’s syndrome, mood concerns, PANDAS, or seizure disorders. She practices integrative nutrition with tenets of many disciplines, including Weston Price, organic foods, special diets (GAPS, SCD, Paleo, GF/CF, LOD), and the judicious use of supplements and herbs.

Additional Information about Judy Converse and her practice is available at her website.

Using Special Diets to Heal Injuries from Vaccines and other Toxins

I specifically sought out Judy Converse for this article, because I had hoped she could bring some clarity to the complex topic of using specialized diets to heal injuries caused by vaccines, antibiotics, and toxins found in processed foods and in the environment. I was blessed by the range of knowledge that she provided on this subject and I am pleased to share some of her practical suggestions. As you will shortly read, she gives sound guidance to parents who are searching for the right kind of diet to help heal their children and teens. Her suggestions for healing the gut also apply to adults.

QUESTION: How should parents participate in the conventional healthcare system when they disagree with the standard vaccine protocol recommended by pediatricians, and want more individualized medical care for their children? Should parents always depend on the services of a pediatrician to help their children grow and thrive?

Judy Converse responds:

In my case, we stopped going to the pediatrician and went to a family physician instead, and we also worked with a family nurse practitioner. The nurse practitioner had her own private practice, and used to work with a pediatrician in my town. So we found some other providers and we were fine. We found a way to get the healthcare we needed, without the constant pressure. I know it is a bit of a sacrilege, and I don’t mean to be disrespectful to pediatricians who are out there working hard and trying to do the right thing, but you may not need a pediatrician. If the debate between you and your doctor becomes large enough, then you might need to talk to a different type of doctor. A family practice physician might be an option or an osteopathic doctor might be an option. I had to make that decision when my son was 5 months old. Even though I was a health professional, I was kind of terrified to say that we are not going to have these people in our lives any more. It was very liberating and very much the right thing to do in his case. The minute we stopped seeking the pediatrician’s advice, my son began to get healthier, because we were seeking advice from people who had other tools.

QUESTION: What are the health challenges of your clients?

My clients are children age newborn to young adult. They have all sorts of problems that their usual MD care teams have not been able to resolve, typically because no one has helped them with food, nutrition, and the restoration of gut health. They have growth and feeding problems, food allergies, food protein intolerance enterocolitis syndrome (FPIES), eosinophilic esophagitis (EE), asthma, autism, mood or anxiety disorders, etc. Some are medically quite fragile with failure to thrive. They don’t grow and are at very high risk. They may have gastrotomy tubes, which is a tube that is surgically implanted in the stomach to force in food. Some are so behaviorally challenged that they have lost school placement, meaning they’ve been kicked out of school at ages as young as five or six. Some are suicidal and failing on conventional psychiatric medications.

QUESTION: How is previous vaccine use related to the health challenges you see in your clients?

Most of my caseload are struggling with problems they would not have, had they not been vaccinated or if they had been vaccinated differently (fewer vaccines, given at a later age, monovalent vaccines, not during pregnancy, and vaccines without aluminum or mercury). I say this based on exhaustively reviewing their medical histories starting in utero – from brain scans to endoscopy reports to immunization records, to blood work they’ve had done over the years, to growth patterns and developmental histories. There are undeniable patterns. There still has been no prospective large scale study of vaccinated versus unvaccinated children. There is survey data, and it does show a clear pattern of more chronic illness and disability in vaccinated children.

QUESTION: What are other factors that contribute to the developmental problems of your clients?

In children not vaccinated but with similar challenges, invariably I find a potent toxin in their history that exerted a deleterious effect. One parent I worked with had worked in a factory that made film processing materials and was exposed to many toxins in her work while pregnant; she also smoked. Others have been children of conventional farm workers who are routinely exposed to agricultural chemicals. Still others live near toxic industries. Examples of toxic exposure from my caseload include: a paint factory, fracking activities, and a mom who accepted flu, Rhogam and DPT shots while pregnant. I also find that children whose immune systems are challenged at birth struggle as well – if they were exposed to lots of antibiotics in utero, or to antibiotics during delivery or while breastfeeding. This appears to set up problems too. The other important piece is GMO foods, which entered our food supply by the mid-1990s. I advise all my patients to avoid GMO foods as much as possible.

QUESTION: What is your therapeutic approach?

It’s a process. Basically I leverage nutrition to replenish tissues so that children can detoxify and grow more robustly. First I sort the nutrition problems, and there are standard clinical methods to do that for infants and children. Looking at growth pattern, detailed info on what is being eaten and how much, and gestational history are key. I review the full medical history. If needed, I will engage lab tests for a variety of possibilities from iron status to heavy metal exposure to inflammation from foods and gut biome. I use functional nutrition assessments and integrative tools, from special diets to supplements and herbs. Once we’ve sorted all the potential problems, we methodically restore health. You can’t do it all at once. I prioritize gut health and work to get kids eliminating normally every day. Great diets and supplements don’t do much good in a gut that can’t absorb them. Food is the only thing we have to run all these systems and machinery in the body. It all comes from what we extract from food. If the food is inflammatory, or sub-par, or not enough, or full of toxins and additives, or if the gut is not working well, then children can’t thrive. Their brains are sputtering. They can’t learn, grow, or develop to potential. I find the blocks to that, and help them get there. If they’re using other therapies (speech, OT, ABA), nutrition intervention makes these work faster and better, because the brain can get what it needs to function better from food. It’s always great when my clients’ MD providers get on board with nutrition, because parents need the support. It’s hard work.

QUESTION: How does your work address the gut/brain connection in your clients?

If food isn’t absorbed well, it won’t reach the brain – and the brain needs nutrients every minute more than any other tissue. So many nutrition factors influence the brain, and of course, every cell in the body. The gut is foundational here. This is actually where many parents get tripped up with this stuff – they try special diets or this or that supplement, or even a psych med, without assessing what is going on in the gut first. Can your child even absorb that anti-anxiety supplement or medicine you tried? Is there enough food to begin with? Does your child eat enough protein to run brain chemistry in the first place? Is it inflammatory protein? Let’s find out first. Those are the questions I help parents answer. The gut should allow for calm, reliable digestion without pain, constipation, diarrhea, or discomfort. If a child is dependent on medications like Miralax or Prevacid, I work to improve their digestion so they don’t need those, because they interfere with digestion and can exacerbate the problem with long term use.

QUESTION: There are many different healing diets. How does one know where to start?

I work with all these diets and have for many years: GF/CF/SF, Weston Price, GAPS, SCD, Paleo, Body Ecology, Feingold, Low Oxalate, rotation diets, yeast free diet, ketogenic diets, modified Atkins diets, and even elemental diets. What’s most important is meeting parents where they can begin. There are zealots for every diet, but not all parents are there yet – the GAPS people get mad at the GF/CF people, the SCD people feel turfy about their stuff, the Paleo people are basking in their moment and so on – it’s so silly – everyone gets “judgey” — this is of no use to families who are overwhelmed and just need help getting started. And all the diets have their merits. The key is matching the kid to the intervention. Not even to the diet, but to what that one child needs. I usually end up with some sort of individualized hybrid intervention for a patient. Some parents can only start by not giving candy every day – literally! A family may really struggle there. There are kids out there living on M&M’s and Skittles, and some milk — I’m not kidding! This is all they’ll eat! They are given this stuff in their ABA trials (Applied Behavior Analysis) as rewards. Their pediatricians do nothing about it. Other parents do a fantastic job with providing a perfect Nourishing Traditions diet, with bone broths and meat and a no grains protocol that they read about online — only to have their kid wither into failure to thrive. It doesn’t mean it was a bad diet, it means it was wrong for that child. It is really important to keep the priority on the kid’s wellbeing, not on how perfect a Weston Price cook you are. Another common trouble spot is the SCD diet (Specific Carbohydrate Diet), which uses nuts and eggs. If the kids can’t digest nuts and eggs – this will be a sure fail. Kids are growing, and can’t wait months and months for this method of gut restoration, when the key proteins and fats the diet provides can’t be eaten. You have to find a workaround and it may not be SCD.

QUESTION: Do these diets work for all families?

Many parents can’t do a specialized diet with their kids. They’re overwhelmed. They like the attention they get from our health care system, with broken kids. They can’t do this battle against doctors, unless they are very clear in their own direction as parents. It’s a huge battle, sometimes with Child Protective Services getting involved. You’re a “good mom” when you bring your kid in for a feeding tube. You’re a “crazy mom” when you refuse the tube and put your kid on a GAPS diet (Gut and Psychology/Physiology Diet). Major dietary changes require desperation. What I’ve witnessed, sadly, since beginning my practice in 1999, is that now that autism and feeding tubes and all these horrific outcomes are so common, younger parents are more asleep than 15 or 20 years ago. These things are now routine. It’s normalized. Young parents are buying the media push about being “scientific”. They think all these medical interventions are smart, including multiple vaccine doses, vaccines in pregnancy, GMO food, and so on. There’s a disconnect. None of these things are proven safe or healthy. Even as their kids get sicker and more disabled, parents would rather fit in with societal norms — even if it means disabling their children. They don’t want to go against the current and find another way. It’s a tragic thing but it is human nature. What I do in my practice is part nutrition and part reconnecting parents — moms especially — with their own inner beacon, the intuition that helps them decide what their children need.

QUESTION: You indicated that you are finding that young parents seen to be more disconnected from the problems that they are seeing with their children. Where is this coming from?

A lot has changed in the last several years. There is a whole push to label people as unscientific or as fools if they question anything about vaccinations or even medical care. There is now a hostility that did not exist when I first started doing this work around 1999-2000. Back then, parents could easily see, based on their own memories, when a child was injured by vaccines, because the children didn’t look like other children that they had seen. Today, I almost wonder if people aren’t noticing vaccine injuries, because so many children [have them and] are not developing normally. I had a parent in my office recently telling me that her child was 17 months old and had just started crawling and the pediatrician had told the parents that was fine. I didn’t in any way react or respond, but I thought “WOW, that’s not fine!” That is not normal! That is quite delayed. [In 1997] when my son was 9 months old and was not crawling, he was already getting early intervention services. So, somehow this current generation of parents has been almost hoodwinked into believing that this is all OK — but it is not OK!

QUESTION: Please say more about this. What is normal?

My sister recently shared a video clip with me on Facebook, which was one of those silly pet videos, but it actually intrigued me. It showed a very young infant sitting on the floor in front of a pet cat. The baby was not old enough to be walking [6 to 10 months old]. It was a chunky, healthy, and alert baby.

Video of Baby Interacting with a Pet Cat. (The important segment with the baby is at the beginning of the video.)

[The video shows a baby looking directly into the eyes of the cat. The baby is really relating to the cat while he eats a piece of bread. The baby offered the cat his own food. The cat takes a big bite of the food, and then the baby puts the food back in his own mouth.]

I just thought the video of this baby is so normal. The baby and the cat are having a conversation with food. This is so normal and this is not what many babies can do at this age. The first thing I noticed is that the baby has excellent motor and social skills. He is doing things many infants I meet don’t ever do, or do much later in life. For example: 1. He is sitting up. This requires strong trunk and postural control. He is not flopping over. 2. He already has pincer grasp. [The thumb and fingers are working together to hold and pick up objects.] Many American parents fuss over this milestone for months and months. That is, can your toddler pick up a raisin? 3. Both hands and arms are working together to hold the bread, and are working together to reach out and offer the bread to the cat. This requires a lot of good neuromotor development. Both halves of the brain must work in concert. And trunk strength is spot on so that as he reaches over with the bread, he doesn’t fall forward. 4. The baby has excellent oral motor skills. He is able to bite and chew and coordinate the swallowing of food. This is rotary chewing emergent. I have 3 and 4 year old kids in my practice who have not accomplished this and they are going to occupational therapy to learn this kind of feeding skill. 5. The baby’s gaze is on the cat’s face and eyes. Eye contact is strong. The baby has sustained interest in the social connection. 6. This social connection requires some emergent awareness of “not-self.” In other words, here is the beginning of theory of mind in action, which spectrum kids can take years to develop and even then may struggle with it. The baby understands: The cat is a separate being. This being has a mouth too [like me] and eyes. This being eats. This being may like to eat what I am eating. I will share my food. These accomplishments are huge! So much is going on in this baby’s brain!! [These are normal accomplishments for an infant of this age.] So many kids I meet can’t sit up when they are ten months old. They can’t put food in their own mouth, because their motor skills are so poor. So, here’s this baby all of a sudden doing it like we used to do when I was a kid. In my practice, I see kids who are delayed. Their motor skills are disorganized. Their social skills are lagging. We don’t realize how dramatically different this baby is from what I see in my practice every day. Of course, I usually see the kids who aren’t developing properly. I believe that we don’t really have a clear definition of “normal” right now. For example, what is the mid-range [of developmental markers] right now for babies who are 6 to 9 months old? Are those babies sitting up? Are they beginning to feed themselves? There are striking differences [in developmental progress] that I don’t think parents are really aware of now. They are normalizing it all.

QUESTION: So, a young mom goes into the pediatrician with her child who is two years old and says I don’t think my child is normal. He is not verbal. He doesn’t make eye contact. He doesn’t follow instructions. He doesn’t do what I believe a two year old should do. What should she do if the pediatrician says, “Don’t worry, he is normal, he will grow out of it.” What would you tell that mom when her intuition says, “I am sure that something is wrong” and my doctor says everything is normal?

I would probably tell her that if you have that intuition, then you may need to talk with another healthcare provider. It is important to talk to other people. You also might want to look for other signs of developmental concern. If your child is a fiercely picky eater, and throws teeth curling tantrums if you don’t give him the milk he likes, or is unable to have a bowel movement unless you give him Mirolax every day, or has needed reflux medicine for more than a month of his life, then any of these signs can indicate that there is not normal digestion and absorption. If digestion and absorption are not normal, then nutrients don’t get to the brain. If nutrients don’t get to the brain then it cannot develop normally. If any of these things are happening at the same time then that is not normal. Neither is it normal for your baby to have 5 to 8 wet foul smelling stools a day. That is not normal. “Toddler diarrhea” is not normal! In all my training I never heard of toddler diarrhea. I think it is another way to normalize what is not normal. If your toddler is losing stool 3 or 4 times a day, then he or she is not absorbing nutrients. When this happens, I would encourage people to take action on what they are seeing. These are the kinds of symptoms where I intervene and can redirect pretty quickly for kids. They invariably begin to improve. It is rare when they don’t improve, but it is usually because there is something quite a bit deeper that needs attention, or for whatever reason, the family couldn’t quite follow through on the plan that we set. A lot of families will go back to their gastroenterologist and say, “Well my nutritionist said…” and the gastroenterologist says “Well your nutritionist is crazy.” Sometimes parents get caught in the crossfire between professionals. And again, this is where your own intuition as a parent needs to be the boss of you. It is up to you. You are free to decide what advice you are going to follow. It has gotten a little dicier lately. I worked with an infant who had bowel infections. We saw these on stool test results. The report indicated that the infant needed antibiotic treatment. I let the mother know right away that she needed to let her doctor know about this. Well the doctor refused to treat the infection, and the baby has now ended up in the hospital for continuing to be unable to gain weight and grow, and it now has a feeding tube in its stomach. All of that could have been avoided if the mom had just drawn the line in the sand. But once you walk into a hospital you are at a disadvantage in a scenario like that, because of the threat of Child Protective Services. Parents are told, “If you don’t do it this way, we are going to take this baby away.” So, think carefully before you engage “help” that doesn’t really help you. It is the societal expectation that moms are going to go along [with whatever the doctor says] but be very careful, because you might end up in a very different place than you might want with your child. We need to maintain our freedom [to make healthcare choices]. We have to protect that and guard that, because it can very easily be lost.

QUESTION: It is estimated that there are some two million children on the autism spectrum, and you, of course, can’t help all of them. How can parents know if what they are currently doing is the right approach?

[The autism spectrum includes children and adults] who are anywhere from very low functioning and non-verbal and non-communicative, to very high functioning [children and adults] who are somewhat social who have certain features of autism or Asperger’s syndrome. It is a wide spectrum. In my world, since I am not a psychologist or a psychiatrist, what I am looking at is the characteristics of the spectrum that relate to how a child is using food, his toxicity, and inflammation, and things like that. Those things definitely run across everybody on the spectrum. I have been working in this niche since 1999, and I have never met a child with these features — with or without a diagnosis — who did not have something awry with inflammation, allergies, toxicity, feeding problems, bowel problems, etc. It all goes together. First of all, I encourage parents to trust their own instincts above anything else. No doctor – nobody – knows your child like you know your child. You don’t have to know how to medically intervene, but you do need to know when you feel that you have a good fit [with the service provider] – “I like this person and it feels right!” We all have the capacity to feel and that is my number one thing. This is just a “click” that should occur. [The relationship needs to feel like it is working well for your child.] The second thing that I encourage parents to click with is your child’s progress. Your child should be getting better. Let’s say you are working with someone on these pieces of nutrition or biomedical intervention, and three months have gone by and there is no difference, then it’s time to question [the treatment approach]. If it has been six months then it is definitely time to question. When I work with families, I expect to see shifts fairly quickly as long as parents are doing what I tell them to do. This is not always easy for parents, because changing food in a home where there are other kids is not always an immediate process. I tell them that this should not take long – there should be results. Sometimes they might do worse, which could be expected because of making interventions, but it should not stay that way. It is not OK if your child stops growing very well or stops eating. Children are not little adults — they don’t have time for their bodies to wait to get better. They are growing and there is a window of opportunity [for maturation]. If your child has not reached the level of progress or growth that you would like to see, then it is time to move on. I have found that a really correctly managed nutrition intervention can make a dramatic difference in a child’s life, and it can do that usually within six months. If that does not happen, and you have truly followed every possibility on this part of the path, then I direct parents to referrals, so that they can look deeper. They may need to look specifically at the immune system and other possibilities. The nutrition piece may have been a really important upstream part of the puzzle. It perhaps helped the child become healthier, clearer, and more able to manage the next layer. Often there is a really deep layer that can respond to immunoglobulin therapy or things that certain physicians specialize in.

QUESTION: There are some parents who have become highly discouraged by what the conventional medical care system has done to their children. They are very reluctant to participate in it any further. This can include adults and children. They often have serious digestive problems, and related problems such as impaired brain function and emotional reactivity. They have come to the conclusion that they are better off on their own with the internet and reference books. What would you advise people in this situation?

Frankly, I don’t recommend going out on your own. I recommend that people get professional guidance, especially if your child is seriously injured. I meet many children like this who already have a feeding tube inserted because they are not growing at all. Their families have been traumatized and their children have been physically traumatized, and it is all sanctioned pediatrics. Everyone is thinking they are doing their best. I don’t think there are any people out there trying to harm these children, but at the end of the day, the children are harmed. They are not getting better. They can’t eat real food, etc. In situations, for example, where children are very low functioning and need to be placed in programs during the day to give respite care for parents, I don’t recommend that parents dive in and try to do this themselves, because you will make mistakes. There are people who know how to assist and who have done it before you. Usually parents will try all their network options first thinking that if these don’t work, then I will talk to a nutritionist, but the reality is that the nutrition piece effects everything and when you are using other tools they usually work a lot better, or you no longer need the other tools at all, once your child clears with the physical layers that are impeding their bodies. Truly, it is heartbreaking for me when I see families, such as one that I helped who had a teenage boy. The family worked diligently for something like 12 years to help their son. They provided good biomedical intervention, but this boy was still about to get a feeding tube. He was unable to attend school anymore, because he was too weak. Finally, the family reached out to me and we found some very simple, but somehow overlooked, pieces of his intervention that no one had addressed. Within six months he gained 30 pounds. He was back at school. He was jumping on a trampoline. Life can really change for these kids with the right help. I think most of us as moms get that intuition about seeking help. Our intuition will direct us to the right help. That is part of the package as a mom. We have intuition. We have it and it is a matter of paying attention to it.

QUESTION: Are there any lists of dieticians or other people who specifically would be qualified to do the kind of work that you do?

There is not a list of dieticians. I left my professional organization, the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, over 20 years ago after working hard with the organization. If you heard the news recently, they just got more egg on their face for putting their seal on Kraft Singles as being healthy food for kids. That is the kind of stuff they do. At various times they approached me and asked me for a written piece on autism, for example, and in each case they rejected it. In my opinion, and I know this sounds harsh, they have had zero leadership there at all [in this area]. I often get contacted by dieticians from around the country to teach them. I would love to, but I can’t go on a volunteer mission to train dieticians. Other professionals are also working hard to provide the nutrition piece. Some dieticians can do it. This has been a labor of love for me for nearly twenty years, because of what happened to my own child. Dieticians working in hospitals do not do this, because like the physicians working there, they have to adhere to a certain model and they are not allowed to step out of that box. There are other groups of nutritionists with different kinds of training. People are popping up all over the country calling themselves coaches. One of my favorite sites is TACA (Talk about Curing Autism) https://www.tacanow.org/. They have nice resources for parents. Whomever you would choose to work with, should absolutely have training in pediatric nutrition. I have found this to be very important for the work I do and for the kids that I help. My master’s degree in public health had training in maternal and child health and infant health. We also had pediatric rotations. This background is crucial. You cannot go see a nutritionist who has hung out a shingle, taken some courses in toxicity and functional nutrition, and then trust your baby to this person. They need to have training in child development, infant growth patterns, and things like this. This kind of training is really game changing for these little ones. Some experience and training with this kind of nutrition, and affiliation with a physician who has pediatric training is important. Parents who have worked with very well meaning and well trained professionals such as psychiatrists and naturopaths, who did not have training in pediatric nutrition and development, may find that things have gone badly, [because the professionals were not fully aware of the differences in nutritional needs and developmental stages for infants and children.]

QUESTION: What questions should you ask when evaluating a potential nutritional specialist to make sure you have found a qualified helper?

When you are interviewing a potential nutritionist, you need to ask questions. [Don’t be shy! You are hiring the person to provide a service. They will be your consultant and advisor.] How many children have you worked with? What is your training and experience in pediatric nutrition? What are the challenges that you see for infants and children and teens? What are the nutritional pitfalls that you see in working with children? How do you get around them? [When working with a nutritionist] it’s not just a matter of running a bunch of lab tests and then we will give your child a bunch of supplements. This kind of approach can fail. It can go well for a lot of kids and it can fail for a lot of kids. It doesn’t mean that it is a bad thing, it just means that you need a different fit if it fails.

QUESTION: When I read your book, Special-Needs Kids Eat Right: Strategies to Help Kids on the Autism Spectrum Focus, Learn, and Thrive, I was quite impressed by your chapter on probiotics. I was interested to learn how supplementation with specific probiotic strains is helpful for certain physical and emotional conditions. What is the new research in this area telling us?

I think that this is a really exciting niche of practice. It is also getting more attention in the mainstream world. Now we have people talking about fecal transplants being very helpful. There are all kinds of possibilities there. We know that specific strains of bacteria [in the gut] relate to mood and anxiety or to behavioral volatility, which are big challenges for children on the autism spectrum. There was at least one case published in (I think the New York Times) a year or two ago, where a father felt compelled to come forward to share his son’s story. He used a fecal transplant for his son and it made an absolutely dramatic difference for that boy. This is where the effort should be going. It is so frustrating. I can’t even call it foot dragging, because no one is even moving toward this therapy. In terms of a large research commitment this would be fantastic if we could see research here. What is so amazing right now is that all of these therapies that you really can’t patent are the things that are coming out as the front runners. Fecal transplants, probiotics, just naturally occurring bacteria, certain phytochemicals or extracts from foods are all therapeutically very beneficial – and Monsanto doesn’t own them, so they don’t get very far. The solutions are right in front of us and we need to help people see them. The challenge of course is – where do you find someone who would do a fecal transplant? There are great physicians everywhere, and I have asked some of my favorites here in Colorado about this. They are very hush-hush. They say, “Well I know someone, but it is not in this state …” They are afraid and rightly so, because they could get into huge trouble.

QUESTION: Are there some people who can’t be helped by nutritional approaches?

It is my pleasure to help the parents who are ready to be helped, but many of them of them come to me expecting things to change while they continue to use the very tools in our pediatric healthcare system that may have caused the problem for their child. They don’t want to hear that. They kind of want it both ways. That is tough for me, because I don’t know what to say to those people. When a mom comes in and proudly says that she got her flu shot and her TDaP shot during this pregnancy as well as Rhogam, all of which have mercury and aluminum, and then she is wondering why her child is exhibiting odd behaviors, then I really don’t know what to say. If she is fully delighted to give the child every vaccine they tell her to give the child, then maybe we shouldn’t even proceed, because it’s not going to work out. Nutrition can always help, but it is better to avoid the toxins to begin with.

Steps for Healing Vaccine Damage through Nutritional Intervention

Judy Converse describes seven steps that should be followed when introducing nutritional changes to bring about healing from vaccines, antibiotics, and environmental toxins. She described these in detail in her book, Special-Needs Kids Eat Right. The following paragraphs have been copied from pages 32 through 36. The paragraphs were edited slightly for brevity. This information points out the range of therapeutic intervention that can be involved in the healing process. The full details are presented in her book for those who want additional information.

Judy Converse indicates that these steps are to be used in the order they are presented to achieve safe and effective dietary changes. Leaving any one of these steps undone, partly done, or reversing/altering the sequence usually means the special diet intervention does not go as well.

1. Check your child’s basic nutrition status first. Whether this is done by you or your provider, this means assuring that your child is growing entirely as expected and his current food intake is adequate. Ideally, do this before special diet measures are begun. If nutrition status is compromised even a little, this means that some of your child’s learning, developmental, or behavior challenges are due to inappropriate total food intake and/or compromised growth status. Fixing these must come early in the special diet plan, or success with other tools such as supplements and chelation will be impeded. 2. Correct bowel flora. Bowel flora are the microbes humans need in the GI tract to help digest and absorb food, and fend off invasive pathogens (viruses, microbial parasites, or detrimental bacteria). Good bowel flora — the helpful bacteria for your gut — are needed to keep the lining of the GI tract healthy and keep bowel habits normal. Newborns especially rely on the right bowel bacteria to help them digest first feedings and develop normal immune function. Antibiotics, toxic metal exposures, vaccines, and certain viral or bacterial exposures can disrupt bowel flora. 3. Replace foods that your child doesn’t tolerate with foods of equal or better nutritional value. The usual suspects are: gluten, casein, and soy. Lab studies may or may not be needed to discern exactly which foods are most inflammatory for your child’s immune system or GI tract. A common mistake is replacing cow’s milk with nutritionally vacant milks made from rice, potato, or almond. While these are suitable for baking or cooking, they are inadequate milk substitutes for children who rely on fluid milk for protein and fats. 4. Replenish micronutrients—that is, vitamins and minerals. Some may be best used at therapeutic (high) doses, some may be fine at typical doses, and some may be best used in specific formulations. How to do this depends on clinical signs and symptoms your child is showing, and sometimes on lab studies. 5. Check for signs and symptoms of GI problems that have not resolved after you’ve used the first four steps for at least four to six weeks. If they persist, revisit the first three steps with your provider or gastroenterologist to check if your child needs deeper diagnostics for gut inflammation or reflux, infectious disruptive gut microbes, or prescription medications that may alleviate symptoms. Some children need stronger or repeat rounds of antifungal medication to succeed with Step 2. 6. Consider heavy metals screening and treatment (chelation). Toxic loads of metals such as mercury or lead have been noted in children with autism to a degree that is higher than typical peers. These metals indefinitely impair digestion, immune function, cellular chemistry, and nerve function. Many children with autism have improved dramatically with chelation, which is a process that forces expulsion of these toxic metals from the body. It is a challenging process that requires the skilled guidance of a healthcare provider. Children should be in the best possible nutrition status prior to chelation, and need monitoring during chelation for status of essential mineral nutrients. 7. Consider measures to reduce viral load or correct immune dysregulation. If all measures above have been tried for a year with little progress, it is time to check viral titers in your child. Many children with autism have been found to have extremely high antibody levels to some of the viruses they were vaccinated against. Treating this is effective in some cases.

Evaluating the Success of Your Interventions

Judy Converse provided these guidelines in her book, Special-Needs Kids Eat Right.

Plan to get your child through the first four steps in four to six weeks—a quick pace to accomplish a lot, but doable when you plan the needed changes in your kitchen ahead of time. Choose a stretch of time when you can give this the attention it needs. Some families like to start during school breaks, when they don’t have too many plans. Others prefer to start during school in order to get teacher feedback. In that case, it works best to keep the diet changes quiet at first. This will give you an opportunity to get completely unsolicited, unbiased feedback from teachers, friends, or family. It also means you avoid having to explain plans for a new diet to people who may or may not be supportive. Expect to notice some clear shifts in your child’s abilities or behavior in this early phase. If you don’t, keep going; there is more work to do. If your child has lived in a state of autism, chronic illness, allergy, asthma, sensory dysregulation, or ADHD for years, it will take time for all the layers that may have been physiologically challenged to right themselves. Plan to work with nutrition interventions indefinitely. This does not mean your household will be weighted down with unbearable diet restrictions for years to come. It may mean that you use some of these measures for many years, whether it ends up being a supplement or two, avoiding just one inflammatory food, or rotating measures throughout the months to boost immune function and focus.

When to Get More Help

Judy Converse explains that six to eight months is a very reasonable time frame in which to see dramatic changes with a special diet measure. If you haven’t seen positive changes, something is missing from the intervention. Judy Converse indicates that out of the hundreds of children she has worked with on this, perhaps a dozen have shown no response. That is, their appetites remained rigid, bowel habits stayed the same, and developmental features did not shift. In these cases, deeper digging with specialists in chelation therapies, GI care, or immune therapies usually yields results. The sooner you move toward whatever other biological treatments may be helpful, the better, and your child will have the benefit of embarking on those in the best possible nutrition status, if the diet part has been executed well.

If signs and symptoms of bowel trouble persist unchanged, or your child has shown no change in developmental signs, even though you’ve implemented an adequate diet—with new foods, the right supplements for your child, and supports for bowel symptoms (Steps 1 through 4)—for eight months, it’s time to ask your provider network for more help.

As you implement diet measures, be aware of these signs and symptoms of inflammation from foods or malabsorption — they should be diminishing: Mixed irritable stools (hard pebbles with loose stool), exceptionally foul stool, a bowel movement less than once every two days, bloating, gas, frequent hiccups, loose or mucousy stool, or stools that are gold, green, black, or gray-white colored.

Another important sign is pain: Children who are nonverbal will express GI pain with tantrums, aggressive or violent behavior, crying, pressing their stomachs on a flat surface (table, floor, pillows), pressing knees to chest, or sleeping with knees to chest. If you see these in your child, the first four steps are likely to help a great deal, if not eradicate this altogether. If you still see your child manifesting pain in this way, your child needs to see a GI specialist to rule out ulcers, esophagitis, persisting reflux, or infection with pathogenic bowel flora such as Helicobacter pylori, Clostridia, Candida, other disruptive bacteria, or parasites. Children with chronic inflammation from foods have more anxiety and more hypersensitivity to noise, light, and tactile input, and avoiding inflammatory foods can improve these symptoms.

Links to Special Healing Diets

I want to include some information about the most common healing diets that were mentioned in this article. These diets are used to help children and adults with recovery from vaccine, antibiotic, and pesticide injuries, all of which affect the functioning of the gut. I am not making a specific endorsement of any diet. I simply want to provide information for those who wish to learn more about these diets. As Judy Converse indicated, “all the diets have their merits.”

Every person is unique and a diet that works for one person may not be the best diet for another. I did my best to try to find the official websites for each diet. In some cases, there are numerous websites that support the diet. If I missed finding the official website for a certain diet or if there are other websites that are more complete, then please understand this was not intentional.

GF/CF/SF: Gluten Free, Casein Free, Sugar Free

Weston Price Foundation – (Nourishing Traditions)

GAPS – Gut and Psychology/Physiology Syndrome Diet: www.GAPS.me and www.Doctor-Natasha.com

SCD – Specific Carbohydrate Diet

Paleo Diet

Body Ecology Diet

Feingold Diet

Low Oxalate diet

Rotation diet

Yeast free diet (candida diet): http://www.thecandidadiet.com/foodstoeat.htm [There are many others.]

Ketogenic diets: http://www.charliefoundation.org/explore-ketogenic-diet/explore-1/introducing-the-diet [The ketogenic diet was originally designed for eliminating seizures. It is also used to treat metabolic syndrome, Type 2 diabetes, obesity and cancer.]

Modified Atkins diet [Used for managing epilepsy.]

Elemental or hypoallergenic formula diets: http://www.eosinophilicesophagitishome.org/eosinophilic_esophagitis_diets/eoe_elemental_formula_diet/ [There are several other websites. This diet is used for eosinophilic esophagitis and small intestinal bacterial overgrowth.]

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24711,"Health Impact News Editor Comments: This is not news to many of us who have known this truth for years, but here is yet another study showing the myth that low-fat diets lead to weight loss. Lack of healthy saturated fats in the diet leads to increased hunger and a tendency to replace fats with refined carbohydrates. Limiting carbs and returning to healthy saturated fats, such as coconut oil, along with dairy and meats from grass-fed animals, is what is needed to stop the obesity epidemic in our modern society.

Obesity Journal

Nature.com

Change in Food Cravings, Food Preferences, and Appetite During a Low-Carbohydrate and Low-Fat Diet

Corby K. Martin1, Diane Rosenbaum2, Hongmei Han1, Paula J. Geiselman1,3, Holly R. Wyatt4, James O. Hill4, Carrie Brill4, Brooke Bailer2, Bernard V. Miller III5, Rick Stein5, Sam Klein5 and Gary D. Foster2 [1]

1Pennington Biomedical Research Center, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA 2Temple University, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA 3Department of Psychology, Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, Louisiana, USA 4University of Colorado Health Sciences Center, Denver, Colorado, USA 5Washington University School of Medicine, St Louis, Missouri, USA

Correspondence: Corby K. Martin (martinck@pbrc.edu [2])

Received 2 September 2010; Accepted 20 February 2011; Published online 14 April 2011.

Abstract

The study objective was to evaluate the effect of prescribing a low-carbohydrate diet (LCD) and a low-fat diet (LFD) on food cravings, food preferences, and appetite. Obese adults were randomly assigned to a LCD (n = 134) or a LFD (n = 136) for 2 years. Cravings for specific types of foods (sweets, high-fats, fast-food fats, and carbohydrates/starches); preferences for high-sugar, high-carbohydrate, and low-carbohydrate/high-protein foods; and appetite were measured during the trial and evaluated during this secondary analysis of trial data. Differences between the LCD and LFD on change in outcome variables were examined with mixed linear models. Compared to the LFD, the LCD had significantly larger decreases in cravings for carbohydrates/starches and preferences for high-carbohydrate and high-sugar foods. The LCD group reported being less bothered by hunger compared to the LFD group. Compared to the LCD group, the LFD group had significantly larger decreases in cravings for high-fat foods and preference for low-carbohydrate/high-protein foods. Men had larger decreases in appetite ratings compared to women. Prescription of diets that promoted restriction of specific types of foods resulted in decreased cravings and preferences for the foods that were targeted for restriction. The results also indicate that the LCD group was less bothered by hunger compared to the LFD group and that men had larger reductions in appetite compared to women.

Read the full article here: http://www.nature.com/oby/journal/vaop/ncurrent/abs/oby201162a.html [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32262,"by Dr. Mercola

Coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) has become one of the most popular and well-researched supplements in the US, and for good reason – it’s used for energy production by every cell in your body, and is therefore vital for good health, high-energy levels, longevity, and general quality of life.

But while it can be beneficial for virtually everyone, especially if you’re seeking to combat the natural aging process, it’s absolutely vital for those taking a statin drug.

One in every four Americans over 45 is on a statin, and every single one of these individuals needs to be taking CoQ10 to replenish that which is depleted by the drug. CoQ10 can also help protect your body from free radical damage. What you might not be aware of however, is that there are two forms of CoQ10, and the better, far more effective alternative is its reduced form, called ubiquinol.

Ubiquinol vs CoQ10

Ubiquinol is the form your body actually uses to achieve its benefits. Substantial research shows that if you are over 25, this reduced form is superior for your health in a number of ways. I personally take ubiquinol every day for its superior bioavailability and far-ranging health benefits.

If you’re under 25 years old, your body is capable of converting CoQ10 to the reduced form fairly well and the additional expense of purchasing the reduced form is unnecessary. However, if you’re older, your body becomes increasingly challenged to convert the oxidized CoQ10 to ubiquinol.

It occurred to me in the interview that the age was really similar to the decrease in growth hormone and Dr. Barry agreed that its reduction most likely follows a similar age related graph, so I’ve included the age reduction graph for growth hormone below.

Aside from aging, numerous other factors can also impact this conversion process, including:

Increased metabolic demand

Oxidative stress

Insufficient dietary CoQ10 intake

Deficiency of factors required for biosynthesis and ubiquinol conversion

Potential effects from illness and disease

Age-related changes in your genes

If you’re over 40, I would strongly recommend taking ubiquinol instead of CoQ10 as it’s far more effectively absorbed by your body. In every study conducted so far, ubiquinol has been shown to be far more bioavailable than the non-reduced form (CoQ10).

How Ubiquinol Can Help Prevent Statin-Induced Myalgia

Ubiquinol has only been commercially available for about six years, but already there are well over 100 studies demonstrating its many health benefits. One area of intense research is ubiquinol’s effect on statin-induced myalgia. When you take a statin drug, it’s important to understand that you:

Deplete your body of the primary energy source for your heart – namely CoQ10

Diminish the antioxidant protection for the various lipids in your blood, which are required for normal metabolism

Ubiquinol is a critical component of cellular respiration and production of ATP. When you consider that your heart is the most energy-demanding organ in your body, you can surmise how potentially devastating it can be to deplete your body’s main source of cellular energy! So while one of statins’ claims to fame is to ward off heart disease, you’re actually increasing your risk when you deplete your body of CoQ10.

Hence, if you’re on a statin, you MUST take supplemental CoQ10 – ideally in the form of ubiquinol – to counteract the damage being inflicted by the drug itself.

The other part most people don’t realize is that CoQ10 and ubiquinol are lipid-soluble materials biosynthesized in your blood. The carrier is the blood lipidcholesterol. The ubiquinol actually keeps your LDL (often referred to as the “bad” cholesterol) reduced, as it’s an exceptionally potent antioxidant.

Reduced LDL cholesterol isn’t bad cholesterol at all. Only the oxidized version will cause a problem. So by reducing CoQ10 production in your body, you’re also removing the mechanism that keeps your LDL cholesterol from doing harm in your body.

There’s reason to believe ubiquinol could actually be a superior alternative to statins to control cholesterol and protect against heart disease. Unfortunately, it may take a while before anyone will admit its therapeutic powers.

This is because it would have to be proven in formal clinical trials, and then you could be assured of a fight by the pharmaceutical companies.

Lipitor alone is responsible for nearly one-fifth of Pfizer’s annual revenue! Ubiquinol could not produce such profits, and Big Pharma would surely not surrender a cash cow as statins to a simple supplement without making a huge fuss. Still, there’s highly compelling evidence to consider ubiquinol, whether you’re taking a statin drug or not – and perhaps even in lieu of one.

The ‘Anti-Aging’ Benefits of Ubiquinol

Again, ubiquinol is a critical component for the production of energy in every aerobic cellular system, and if you take that away, you considerably compromise mitochondrial function. This affects more than just your heart. In addition to cardiovascular disease, mitochondrial dysfunction has become increasingly recognized as being directly associated with the aging process itself, including many age-related diseases.

Many anti-aging experts believe optimizing your mitochondria is one of the most powerful strategies you can have to extend your life, and there is certainly overwhelming animal studies that support this view.

Ubiquinol is also important for cellular protection. As mentioned earlier, ubiquinol is one of the strongest lipid-soluble antioxidants known that is produced within your own body. A number of studies published over the past decade have shown that our oxidative state significantly rises with age, even in healthy individuals. Metabolism is a complex affair, and there are few if any magic bullets to address the degeneration that comes with aging. That said, one very important component of that is ubiquinol, as it’s required for the production of cellular energy, and serves an important role in cellular protection.

Ubiquinol for Other Chronic Diseases

Ubiquinol is also being studied for a number of other chronic and even genetic diseases such as Down Syndrome. A hallmark of Down Syndrome is a high oxidative state. Studies conducted at a children’s hospital in Cincinnati found that ubiquinol was able to bring 80 percent of children with Down’s back to normal oxidative levels within a month or so. This did not occur with conventional CoQ10, nor any other therapeutic antioxidant supplements.

According to Dr. Robert Barry, head of scientific affairs at Kaneka Nutrients – the sole producer of ubiquinol in the world, and the major supplier of the world’s CoQ10 supply for the last three decades – they’re now conducting a formal clinical phase 2 trial to evaluate the clinical benefits of normalizing the oxidative state of children with Down’s. Still, regardless of the outcome of such studies, the initial finding is a testament to the sheer effectiveness of ubiquinol in comparison to CoQ10, in terms of repairing heavy oxidative states. Other studies have shown ubiquinol has a positive effect on:

Inflammatory processes

Septic shock (which is also associated with mitochondrial dysfunction)

Cardiac arrest recovery

Stroke recovery

Periodontal disease (including gingivitis and dry mouth)

Dosing Recommendations and Safety Questions

A common concern by producers of ubiquinol, scientists, and consumers alike, is whether or not supplementing with ubiquinol may negatively affect your body’s own production of it. Fortunately, several studies have shown that this is not the case. Even at very high levels of ubiquinol – upwards of thousands of milligrams a day for a considerable period of time – natural production has remained unaffected. The safety profile for ubiquinol is enviable indeed. Even at very large doses, no adverse effects or drug interactions have ever been found or reported.

These considerations – its profound, well-documented health benefits, along with its safety profile – makes supplementing with ubiquinol a no-brainer. Clearly, diet and exercise are the cornerstones of optimal health, but there’s overwhelming evidence that ubiquinol can go a long way toward optimizing energy levels, quality of life, and longevity, even if you eat right and stay fit. In fact, one of the most dramatic benefits of ubiquinol lies in its potential to slow down the aging process. This is what motivated me to start taking ubiquinol personally.

In a previous interview with Dr. Barry, he recounted one particularly powerful example of ubiquinol’s anti-aging effects. Specially-bred mice that age very rapidly were used to test CoQ10 and ubiquinol against a control group that did not receive supplementation. At the end of the study, when the mice were the equivalent age of 90 to 100 in human years, the differences between the control group and the ubiquinol groups were dramatic. While the control mice were near death, the ubiquinol mice ran around like teenage mice, and the only difference during their entire lifespan was taking ubiquinol.

“What we found is that, in just about every study that has been conducted with ubiquinol (and each one is necessarily a direct comparison to coenzyme Q10), there is a very dramatic metabolic and physiological effect seen with ubiquinol that you don’t necessarily see with conventional coenzyme Q10. That study convinced me that there was something different going on with ubiquinol,” Dr. Barry says.

Needless to say, this may have profound implications for humans as well. Again, if you’re on a statin drug, you MUST take at least 100-200 mg of ubiquinol or CoQ10 per day. If you’re not on a statin drug, the amount of CoQ10 or ubiquinol you might need depends on how sick you are. The sicker you are, the more you need.

According to Dr. Barry, if you don’t take any form of CoQ10 at all and you’re just starting out with ubiquinol, start with 200-300 milligrams a day. Within a two- to three-week period your plasma levels will typically plateau to its optimum level. After that, you can go down to a 100 mg/day maintenance dose per day. This dose is typically sufficient for healthy people. If you have an active lifestyle, exercise a lot, or are under a lot of stress due to your job or “life” in general, you may want to increase your dose to 200-300 mg/day.

Again, you’re simply replenishing natural cellular energy that is used up through physical activity and/or stress, and counteracting the natural drop in production levels that come with age. More often than not, especially if you’ve been “running low,” you will feel a difference in energy levels when you start taking it. Ideally, you’ll want to split the dose up to two or three times a day, rather than taking it all at once, as this will result in higher blood levels. Other dosing guidelines, as presented by Dr. Stephen Sinatra (a board certified cardiologist, and a prominent expert in the field of natural cardiology) include:

Hypertension, 200 mg/day

World class athletes who need extra ATP turnover, 300-600 mg/day

Heart transplant or severe CHF, 300-600 mg/day in divided doses

Arrhythmia, 200 mg/day

Typical athlete 100-300 mg/day

Mitral valve prolapse, a combination of 400 mg magnesium and 100-200 mg of CoQ10

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/11/03/coq10-vs-ubiquinol.aspx

Fat and Cholesterol are Good for You!

What REALLY Causes Heart Disease

by Uffe Ravnskov, MD, PhD

Free Shipping Available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33108,"by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

New research is revealing something remarkable about why the body sweats. Beyond its obvious role in regulating body temperature, sweating has been found to facilitate the elimination of accumulated heavy metals and petrochemicals, indicating that if we want to be healthy we should put regular effort into doing more sweating.

Sweating has long been known as a source of bodily, if not also spiritual “cleansing.” But until recently, very little ‘scientific’ confirmation existed proving that using heat and/or exercise to facilitate perspiration-induced detoxification actually works the way that many natural health advocates claim.

With the Rise of Biomedicine and its so-called ‘evidence-based’ model of determining what is true and thereby legal to practice, this conspicuous lack of clinical proof has resulted in a veritable inquisition against those who claim that bodily detoxification through sweating is anything more than a form of ‘quackery.’

Sweating Confirmed As A Detoxifier of Metals

Enter the findings of a groundbreaking 2011 study published in the Archives of Environmental and Contamination Toxicology, which explored the effects of bioaccumulated toxic elements within the human body and their method of excretion:

“Toxic elements were found to differing degrees in each of blood, urine, and sweat. Serum levels for most metals and metalloids were comparable with those found in other studies in the scientific literature. Many toxic elements appeared to be preferentially excreted through sweat. Presumably stored in tissues, some toxic elements readily identified in the perspiration of some participants were not found in their serum. Induced sweating appears to be a potential method for elimination of many toxic elements from the human body.”[1]

The researchers also made the important observation that, “Biomonitoring for toxic elements through blood and/or urine testing may underestimate the total body burden of such toxicants. Sweat analysis should be considered as an additional method for monitoring bioaccumulation of toxic elements in humans.”

These are truly novel findings insofar as sweating, at least from the perspective of evolutionary biology, is considered to exist primarily for thermoregulation (sweat cools the surface of the skin and reduces body temperature, functioning as a wholebody cooling system). While the sweat glands have a well-known secondary role for the excretion of water and electrolytes, this function is not generally understood to be a form ‘detoxification.’

Also, this study underscores just how common it is for conventional medical practice to overlook the relevance of environmental factors in health (e.g. exposures to metals, petrochemicals, toxins), as many of these ‘vectors’ of exposure/poisoning are not properly measurable via blood or urine tests; that is, when they even care to look. This blind spot, of course, feeds the delusion that one can suppress bodily symptoms associated with environmental exposures with additional patented chemicals, in the downward spiral that is drug-based medicine. The obvious alternative method –identify and remove the poisons – isn’t even on the table, unless the practitioner happens to be aware of natural, integrative or functional medical principles and has the courage to go against the FDA-approved and liability-shielding grain to employ them.

Why Blood and Urine Analysis May Fail To Reveal The Problem

These preliminary research findings were further confirmed in a 2012 meta-analysis published in theJournal of Public and Environmental Health. The study titled, “Arsenic, cadmium, lead, and mercury in sweat: a systematic review,” was performed by researchers from the Children’s Hospital of Eastern Ontario Research Institute, Ontario, Canada, and was based on a review of 24 studies on toxicant levels in the sweat.[2]

The researchers discovered the following:

In individuals with higher exposure or body burden, sweat generally exceeded plasma or urine concentrations, and dermal could match or surpass urinary daily excretion.

Arsenic dermal excretion was severalfold higher in arsenic-exposed individuals than in unexposed controls.

Cadmium was more concentrated in sweat than in blood plasma.

Sweat lead was associated with high-molecular-weight molecules, and in an interventional study, levels were higher with endurance compared with intensive exercise.

Mercury levels normalized with repeated saunas in a case report.

The researchers concluded, “Sweating deserves consideration for toxic element detoxification.”

Sweating Also Removes The Insidious Petrochemicals BPA and Phthalates

But it gets better. Two additional studies published in 2012 found that sweating enhances the elimination of dangerous endocrine-disrupting petrochemicals.

The first study, involving 20 subjects made to undergo induced sweating, found that the ubiquitous petrochemical Bisphenol A (BPA) was excreted through sweat, even in some individuals with no BPA detected in their serum or urine samples.[3] This clearly indicates that the body uses sweat to rid itself of the BPA that has bioaccumulated in tissue.

The second study by the same research group, also involving 20 subjects, found that phthalate, a plasticizer tied to breast cancer and various other conditions associated with endocrine disruption, was present in concentrations twice as high in their sweat compared to their urine, and in several individuals was found in their sweat but not in their blood serum, “…suggesting the possibility of phthalate retention and bioaccumulation.”

The researchers concluded:

“Induced perspiration may be useful to facilitate elimination of some potentially toxic phthalate compounds including DEHP and MEHP. “[4]

Concluding Remarks and Tips

The conclusion? Sweating performs more than simply a cooling function for the body. It appears that it is also a way through which the bodily burden of accumulated toxins can be more rapidly detoxified. The natural medical tradition has long argued that the skin is the largest organ of elimination, and that oftentimes skin problems reflect a state of chronic toxicity. Perhaps modern science is only now catching up to these age-old observations.

As far as practical implementation, what are the best ways to sweat? Exercise and Sauna Therapy carry a wide range of additional ‘evidence-based’ health benefits (not to mention you feel great afterwards!), providing plenty of reason to engage these activities with enough effort and discipline to obtain a good sweat. Truly, any form of purposeful movement sustained for long enough, with the right intensity, can produce a healthy sweat. As Edgar Allan Poe said “The best things in life make you sweaty.”

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/research-confirms-sweating-detoxifies-dangerous-metals-petrochemicals

Sources



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
51749,"Getting more coconut oil into your regular meals and drinks can be a bit challenging to those new to the product, but it’s actually a lot easier than you’d think. Coconut oil can be used in anything from cooking, baking, frying, to drinks, both hot and cold. Learn how to add coconut oil to your hot and cold drinks.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33213,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

In a Facebook Live video Friday (April 7th), Michael Brooks gave an update on his case in Tennessee. He and Jamie had been in court that morning and were expecting Judge Clayburn Peeples to terminate their parental rights to their two sons. But, in an interesting turn of events, the couple left court that day with their parental rights still in place. Also, due to not having a lawyer present, Michael was given a 60-day window to prepare to present his case to the court again.

Michael Brooks is dying from Hepatitis C. His disease was under control while using medical cannabis, but he was forced to give up his medication due to Tennessee laws as he tried to meet requirements to get his children back from the Tennessee Department of Children’s Services (DCS).

See original story:

Michael arrived on time, but when he walked into the courtroom, his case was already being heard. He said that social workers with DCS and the children’s Guardian ad litem (GAL) were “already there approaching the judge to hurry up and end this.” He said that they were saying that it “was in the best interests of the children to go ahead and lay this to rest, and let them stay where they are.”

Michael was surprised at the judge’s response:

The judge kind of smiled at the GAL and said, “Yeah, I’m pretty sure that is what you would like to see happen.”

Michael went on to say that Jamie was running late, and as a result, she was being accused of “wanton disregard” before the judge. Reportedly, the judge asked, “How can you call it wanton disregard, we don’t even know what’s happening with Ms. Williams?” The judge then went back to his chambers to wait for Jamie to arrive.

Michael explains:

He wasn’t going to let them move forward without the parents. He was really looking out for us.

When Jamie arrived five minutes late, she gave an explanation, and the court forgave her tardiness.

Michael did not have a lawyer, and the judge was aware of it. His previous lawyer had been court-appointed, and according to Michael, would not make himself available when Michael needed him. He said that the lawyer was not looking out for his best interests and did not understand the healing properties of cannabis. The lawyer’s blatant disregard for Michael was so egregious that Michael reported him to a professional board, and the complaint is now being reviewed.

Reportedly, in the courtroom on Friday, the GAL said that Michael not having a lawyer “was a tactic on his part to try and slow the process.”

According to Michael, the judge interjected and said:

Mr. Brooks needs a lawyer.

Michael went on to tell the judge that he had brought all of his files with him and was prepared to go pro se if needed. (Pro se is a Latin term meaning “for himself.” It is used when a person represents himself in court.) He told him:

Be patient with me, because I’m in the deep water. I don’t know how to swim.

The judge reportedly called the actions of DCS and GAL “draconian,” and would not allow the court to proceed without him having a lawyer present. The judge went into his chambers to make some phone calls to find Michael a lawyer. When the judge returned, he had the bailiff hand Michael the contact information for the attorney that he had secured for him.

Michael said:

Jamie and I were sitting there—they’re expressing their deep concern to go ahead and terminate our [parental] rights. And, the judge wouldn’t allow it. Within a few minutes, I saw these women—it was like a feeding frenzy of hellish hounds over my children. The judge said he just wasn’t going to sit there and watch that go down in his courtroom from a draconious [sic] group such as DCS. It’s amazing what happened!

Michael gave all the glory to God and said:

This was truly the best possible outcome for this day. We’ve been given 60 more days. This is nothing less than miraculous. To see integrity in the courtroom, for the first time in 19 months, was such a breath of fresh air. I feel so revitalized. It feels like two tons have been lifted off of me. I haven’t had this much hope in a long time. It feels good. It feels real good.

Michael ended the video thanking his supporters saying:

You guys are helping me to fight for my boys. They’ve got so much love. They’re the most fortunate children in the world—in the end—that they’ve had people praying, in more than a dozen languages, around the world, for their safe return home to their momma and daddy.

How You Can Help

Governor Bill Haslam may be reached at (615) 741-2001 or contacted here. His Facebook is here. His Twitter is here.

Representative Curtis Halford of House District 79 may be reached at (615) 741-7478 or contacted here.

Senator John Stevens of Senate District 24 may be reached at (615) 741-4576 or contacted here.

Michael’s GoFundMe called Saving the Brooks Brothers is here.

Gibson County Department of Children’s Services may be reached at (731) 855-7864.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32588,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

The write-ups and anecdotal reports on using virgin coconut oil (VCO) for health purposes has sparked many health food advocates and “foodies” toward using it. This trend is increasing despite the half century of junk science dogma that saturated fats cause obesity and cardiovascular disease.

Yes, coconut oil is a saturated fat [1] with medium chain triglycerides (MCT), which makes it more digestible to provide energy and healthier than other oils.

Most people still cling to the old misguided “science” of saturated fats causing obesity and heat disease created by one flawed study and carried by the medical establishment and the media, enough to create a huge no or low fat industry that actually has contributed more to obesity and heart disease than any other dietary choice before.

Add the current type 2 diabetes epidemic to this little list of dangerous diseases that have increased significantly after the saturated fat scare drove millions into avoiding saturated fats while bringing billions of dollars into the processed food industry.

Despite the popular misconception of saturated fats creating fat, reports and claims of slimming down and losing weight [2] with a high fat diet began emerging within the last decade. It’s too easy for the saturated fat causes obesity and heart disease crowd to dismiss all these reports and claims as merely anecdotal and not scientific.

However, it seems the science is beginning to catch sight of reality, for those who insist on science based studies that are peer reviewed and published, proving that anecdotal health successes true.

Virgin Coconut Oil Studies

A peer reviewed study published in 2016 was titled “Renoprotective effect of virgin coconut oil in heated palm oil diet-induced hypertensive rats.” The Malaysian researchers were aware of how reheated oils used over and over in deep fat fryers create hypertension (high blood pressure) and other markers for cardiovascular disease. But their focus this time was renal, or kidney health.

So they used five times heated palm oil (5HPO) to induce high blood pressure in rats bred for animal study research, Sprague-Dawley rats. The rats were divided into four groups fed slightly different diets, half with 5HPO and the other half with virgin coconut oil (VCO). Systolic blood pressure [3]was measured before and after the 16 week study.

The rats fed VCO had significantly less oxidative stress markers in their kidneys than the 5HPO fed rats, leading the researchers to conclude “ … virgin coconut oil has a potential to reduce the development of hypertension and renal injury induced by dietary heated oil, possibly via its antioxidant protective effects on the kidneys.” (Study abstract source) [4]

An earlier Malaysian animal study [5] determined that saturated fat VCO did not increase weight or create higher blood pressure (BP). Heated five times virgin coconut oil (5HVCO) did create create higher blood pressure and mild cardiovascular disease markers. But it was mentioned that both palm and soy oils reheated only once produced those same effects of 5HVCO.

It’s easy to conclude from those two animal studies alone that virgin coconut oil [6]is a superior dietary oil for health and is safer to use as a cooking oil than other popular unsaturated fat cooking oils. They also provide a reminder of the cardiovascular dangers of restaurant deep fat fried foods that use soy, peanut, palm, or canola oils over and over.

Many Health Impact News readers may know of the anecdotal empirical evidence of VCO slowing down and even reversing Alzheimer’s Disease (AD). This flies in the face of the pharmaceutical industry’s failure to provide anything that helps AD victims after several attempts. (Source) [7]

Fortunately, some studies have indicated that coconut oil is highly helpful for improving mental acuity, memory, and resolving dementia and AD. Coconut oil’s high medium chain triglycerides content is easily converted to ketones by the liver instead of being stored as reserve energy the way long chain triglycerides (LCT) are metabolized.

Brain cells adapt easily to using ketones for fuel as other metabolic efforts wane. Alzheimer’s is considered more as diabetes type 3 because the brain cells have become insulin resistant, disabling glucose/oxygen metabolism. The ketones provide what’s necessary to metabolize oxygen in lieu of glucose. (Source) [8]

The Paleo people encourage incorporating virgin coconut oil into one’s diet along with exercise to lower blood pressure. The article “Eliminating Hypertension with Coconut Oil and Exercise” appeared on the site run by Loren Cordain, Ph.D., author of the Paleo Diet. That article has several references to other studies [9] not mentioned in this article as well.

If you have any blood pressure or cardiovascular health concerns, stay away from partially hydrogenated polyunsaturated and monosaturated vegetable oils and use coconut oil as much as possible for frying and baking in your diet. (Source) [10]

Studies Confirm Other Healing Qualities of Using Coconut Oil

Other studies have demonstrated coconut oil’s ability to eliminate candida overgrowth. Candida yeast infections that overpower probiotic bacteria manifest as several symptoms that may even lead to understanding one has candida.

Again, this type of information only leads to the pharmaceutical industry’s efforts at synthesizing chemical formulations to duplicate a natural substance’s healing dynamics. These efforts usually fail and/or cause harmful side effects.

Among these studies using only coconut oil to eliminate candida yeast overgrowth, a 2010 University of Minnesota study actually recommended consuming 3 and ½ or more tablespoons daily to treat, not prevent, candida yeast overgrowth. (Source) [11]

Another study demonstrated virgin coconut oil provides superior skin health qualities than most topically applied skin care lotions and creams. Virgin coconut oil was even tested as effective against inflammatory acne. (Source) [12]

And there are other benefits from virgin coconut oil that are rarely if ever publicized. It’s rare that it’s tested in the USA because of the pharmaceutical industry’s influence of dominating medicine with synthetic chemicals that can be patented.

Some of the studies that are less motivated by pharmaceutical profit are done in Southeast Asian regions, where traditional dietary coconut and coconut oil flourish. You can find them and others on this site. [13]

Sources:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27618413?dopt=Abstract [4]

http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090506814000268 [5]

http://coconutoil.com/coconut-oil-and-exercise-improves-high-blood-pressure/ [10]

http://www.everydayhealth.com/columns/jared-bunch-rhythm-of-life/coconut-oil-olive-oil-heart-health/ [14]

http://thepaleodiet.com/eliminating-hypertension-coconut-oil-exercise/ [9]

Save",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32371,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

Last year (2014) it was revealed that one of the highest rates of parents exercising their rights to refuse vaccines for their children due to personal beliefs was among parents in the wealthy California Hollywood schools, from Malibu to Beverly Hills.

The Hollywood Reporter [2] noted:

The region stretching from Malibu south to Marina del Rey and inland as far as La Cienega Boulevard (and including Santa Monica, Pacific Palisades, Brentwood, West Hollywood and Beverly Hills) averaged a 9.1 percent PBE (personal belief exemption) level among preschoolers for the 2013-14 school year — a 26 percent jump from two years earlier. By comparison, L.A. County at large measured 2.2 percent in that period. Many preschools in this area spiked far higher, including Kabbalah Children’s Academy in Beverly Hills (57 percent) and the Waldorf Early Childhood Center in Santa Monica (68 percent). These two schools aren’t outliers; dozens more — including Seven Arrows, Turning Point and Calvary Christian — report PBE levels that are five times the county average. And THR has found that administrators at many of these facilities are hardly alarmed.

The pro-pharma mainstream media was aghast at such statistics, of course, and tried to link recent epidemics of whooping cough in L.A. county to these wealthy, educated parents who chose not to receive certain vaccines for their children. Health officials in LA County [3] (and many other places), however, have admitted that the pertussis vaccine is no longer very effective in preventing whooping cough, as most of the children suffering from whooping cough were found to have been fully vaccinated. [4]

Why is the Entertainment Industry not Speaking out Against Medical Tyranny and Calforina SB277?

Since so many parents in the entertainment industry in southern California are practicing their legal right to choose medical procedures like vaccines, why are more of them not speaking out against California SB277 which would allow politicians to take that right away from them?

One of the few entertainers who has spoken publicly against medical tyranny and forced vaccinations is actor and comedian Rob Schneider. Mr. Schneider even helped produce a public service announcement to educate parents on how the federal vaccine court works:

Last year (2014) State Farm Insurance stopped using Rob Schneider in their commercials due to his position on vaccine choice and vaccine safety. (See: State Farm to Families of Vaccine-Damaged Children: We Don’t Need Your Business [5].) I announced then [6] that I was dropping my State Farm policies after years of being a State Farm customer, and today I do not hold any policies with State Farm.

Is this the reason the entertainment industry will not speak out, because of fear? Are they willing to lose their right to refuse medical procedures for their children in exchange for their silence on this issue?

The only two states in the U.S. that currently have no parental exemptions for childhood vaccines are Mississippi and West Virginia. Has anybody checked the rankings of these two states in terms of children health categories? Do California parents really want to mimic health policies in these two states?!

You have one more chance to speak out and try to defeat this bill next week [9] at a hearing [9] in Sacramento.

SB277 ANNOUNCEMENT – June 9, 2015

West Steps 10 a.m. to11 a.m.- Assemblyman Devon Mathis [10] Legislative Press Conference. Many KEY Speakers!

North Steps – RALLY all day!

Assembly Health Committee Hearing -1:30 p.m.to 5 p.m.PST State Capitol, Room 4202



Committee Web Site: http:// ahea.assembly.ca.gov/ committeehome [11]

Hearing Details: http:// ahea.assembly.ca.gov/ hearings [9]

Live Stream Room 4202: http://assembly.ca.gov/ listen/4202-audio [12]

This bill has already been steamrolled through the California Senate, and is now attempting to be steamrolled through the House with no debate.

ALERT: California Assembly Fast Tracking Forced Vaccination Bill

by National Vaccine Information Center [13]

The California Assembly is fast tracking SB 277, a bill to eliminate all non-medical vaccine exemptions for religious and conscientious beliefs from the mandatory vaccination law governing school attendance. Although there were public hearings in the Health, Education and Judiciary committees in the state Senate, the bill has only been referred to the Health Committee and a hearing could be scheduled as early as the beginning of next week (June 8-12, 2015.)

With no scheduled public hearings in the Education or Appropriations committees, SB 277 will not be reviewed in the Assembly for civil rights violations and financial impact. It looks like the skids are being greased by pharmaceutical, medical trade and government lobbyists pressuring legislators to bring the bill to a fast floor vote and send it to Governor Brown for his signature.

California Parents – This May Be Your Last Chance to Act



If you live in California and are the parent of a child who attends daycare, public or private school, you may only have one more week left to contact your Assembly member and tell the person you elected to represent you what you think about SB 277.

Download a handout here [14] that lists five good reasons why SB 277 should not become law. Give it to your Assembly member so he or she understands why:

SB 277 is not based on scientific evidence or compelling state interest;

SB 277 is a violation of parental and human rights;

SB 277 requires children to risk vaccine injury, while vaccine manufacturers and doctors administering vaccines are shielded from vaccine injury liability;

SB 277 discriminates against children to deny them a school-based education guaranteed by the California Constitution; and

SB 277 will be excessively expensive to administer and enforce.

You can track SB277 and immediately contact your Assembly member on your cell phone, tablet or computer by becoming a user of the free NVIC Advocacy Portal. [15]

If the bill is voted out of the Assembly Health Committee and then quickly approved by the full Assembly and signed by the Governor, your only options will be to (1) find a doctor to write an almost impossible-to-get medical vaccine exemption [16]for your child or (2) homeschool or enroll your child in an independent study program.

There is No Public Health Emergency in California

Unvaccinated school aged children with religious and conscientious belief exemptions are not causing measles and whooping cough outbreaks in California. Out of 136 measles cases [17] reported in the state in 2015, only 18 percent were in school-aged children while 55% [18] were in adults and 30 percent of all cases with vaccine records had been vaccinated. In 2014, out of 8,200 pediatric pertussis cases [19] with vaccination records reported in California, 90 percent had been vaccinated.

The 2015 California measles outbreak associated with Disneyland only affected 0.00035% of the state’s population and was successfully contained without eliminating non-medical vaccine exemptions.

Special Needs Children Being Discriminated Against

Many parents testified in California Senate public hearings that they have vaccine-injured children or have children with brain and immune system problems that could make them especially susceptible to vaccine harm but are unable to find a doctor willing to write a medical vaccine exemption. Those parents depend upon the personal belief vaccine exemption for their special needs children to be educated in public and private schools under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) and Free Appropriate Public Education Act (FAPE).

If SB 277 becomes law, parents will be sanctioned for making informed medical decisions for their children. In addition, if the state refuses to provide costly home-based education to those with special needs when their parents are unable to educate them at home, then those children will be discriminated against and deprived of their civil right to an education.

Potential Criminal Prosecution and Prison Time for Non-Complying Parents

The bill’s primary sponsors, pediatrician Richard Pan (D-Sacramento) and Ben Allen (D-Santa Monica) have not publicly explained what will happen if parents refuse to give their school aged child every federally recommended vaccine required by state health officials now or in the future under SB 277. However, if non-complying parents cannot provide their child with a home-based education for financial or other reasons and the children are barred from attending school, truancy laws in California and other states can and do subject parents to costly criminal prosecution and imprisonment.

Californians – participate in our democracy and ACT NOW to protect your vaccine informed consent rights. There is no substitute for one-on-one personal contact with your own Assembly member.

Has California Sold Out to Big Pharma to Lead the Nation in Medical Tyranny?

Dr. Richard Pan of California is the author of one of the most tyrannical bills currently being proposed in the U.S. to take away the right to informed consent for a medical procedure. SB277 would remove all personal belief exemptions to vaccines and prevent children from attending school unless they are fully vaccinated.

A hearing on SB277 was held at the State Capital on April 15, 2015. The support was overwhelmingly opposed to the bill, with only 53 people present supporting the bill, and 743 present opposing it:

The Senate Education committee did not take a vote on the bill that day, as several members of the committee had reservations about it. A vote was put off until April 22nd, one week later.

At the April 22 meeting, after 13 minutes of discussion, the committee passed the bill by a vote of 7 to 2.

What happened? How could the committee pass a bill with so much opposition from their constituents?

Dr. Robert Rowen wrote the following on his Facebook Page [21]:

I will express my beliefs here. There is a money trail to most everyone on the committee to Pharma. Readers of this page have posted clear connections of most on the education committee to Pharma contributions. You need to realize that the vaccine industry is profitable to the tune of billions. Defeat of his bill would have been a huge thorn in their side for years to come, and in other states, which look at California as a bell weather state. I sincerely believe that Pharma called in their “chits” and told these senators in the last week that they needed to tow the line and return the “favor” of the generous donations (buy outs). And, not in the “light of day” as last week, when there were hundreds of opponents those who spoke out against the “draconian” measure, and religious freedom, you puppet rulers caved and bowed to their Pharma masters, not their constituents.

Dr. Rowen’s concerns are echoed by others.

Jefferey Jaxen [23], an investigative reporter, recently explained how Dr. Richard Pan was answering questions in public by asking industry lobbyists what he should say:

After the historic outpouring of families to halt the passing of SB-277 last Wednesday in California, information has now been made public to further put into question the bill’s credibility. After passing the Sacramento Health Committee vote, the bill was delayed as committee chair Senator Carol Liu wisely told the bill’s author Richard Pan “If I were you, I would not take a vote today.” At the conclusion of the vote, Liu asked Senator Pan point blank how he wanted to proceed. To this, Pan, appearing to have no power to make the decision, turned to lobbyist Jodi Hicks and Janus Norman for advice. It is telling that here, the authors Senator Pan and Ben Allen appear to be told what to do and how to do it. Pan is making his decisions based not on the thousands of families that showed up in protest, but from lobbyist. When Richard Pan turns to Hicks and Norman for his orders, it becomes clear that these individuals are the ones behind senate bill 277. (Full Story here [23].)

Tim Bolen of The Bolen Report [24] also weighed in on the obvious ties to the pharmaceutical industry in his newsletter:

And, they went to Sacramento in droves, from all over the State, to nicely explain to their legislators, the ones they had just voted for, the problems associated with SB277. They had a RALLY on the Capitol steps. I think those citizens honestly believed that that tactic, polite confrontation of the issue, would win the day.They thought they’d be home in time to make dinner for the kids… They hadn’t done their homework. They came up against Freshman Democratic Senator Richard Pan MD, who, without question, is Big Pharma’s, bought and paid for top lobbyist in California – a lobbyist with a vote on the Senate floor, and the ability to directly introduce legislation. Pan, a man with no particular skills, except for some training to flail around a pediatrician practice stabbing children with pus filled needles, has, in his first month AUTHORED thirty three (33) bills none of which I’m sure he wrote, never even read, and certainly did not understand. You can view those bills here. [25] Go take a quick glance. If you want more detail, click on each of the bill numbers. See? Of particular interest, besides, of course his stab-everyone-repeatedly-with-Merck-products legislation, is SB 435 [26]called “Medical home: health care delivery model…” What is really interesting about THAT is the built-in language: “It is the intent of the Legislature to exempt from state antitrust laws and to provide immunity from federal antitrust laws, pursuant to the state action doctrine for, any activities undertaken pursuant to this act that otherwise might be constrained by those laws.” In other words, it looks to me, Pan is setting up his sponsor with a monopoly, and protecting that sponsor, using State law, from being sued in an anti-trust action filed by the US Justice Department, or by the bill’s victims. Wow! I wonder how many small companies, now in the business Pan is creating a monopoly for friends, will be forced out of their own business with no legal recourse? (Read the full article here [24].)

Are California Silicon Valley Billionaires Hijacking Parental Rights?

One California resident who has publicly made his pro-vaccine views known is Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg (who has no children to our knowledge), a resident of the elite billionaire club in Silicon Valley. Zuckerberg recently took a public position in the current California vaccine debate, in what many in the media reported to be a direct attack against those who believe in vaccine choice and vaccine safety:

Mark Zuckerberg just slammed the anti-vaccination movement [28] – Business Insider

Mark Zuckerberg Is Sending a Message to the Anti-Vaccine Crowd [29] – Yahoo Tech

Zuckerberg takes aim at vaccine deniers through his online book club [30] – The Verge

Amar Toor of the Verge [30] wrote:

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has selected a decidedly pro-vaccine book for the latest installment of his online book club [31], following a report [32] last week that pointed to surprisingly low vaccination rates at Silicon Valley daycares affiliated with Google and other tech companies. The book, On Immunity by Eula Bliss, examines and disarms the fear underpinning the anti-vaccine movement, based on Bliss’ personal experience with her young child.

Health Impact News recently published a book review of this same book [33] endorsed by Zuckerburg, On Immunity, by journalist Jennifer Margulis, which was originally published by The Washington Independent Review of Books, but subsequently removed by what Margulis claims was an act of censorship, because they did not want to hear both sides of the vaccine debate. So for another view of this book Mr. Zuckerberg has chosen to endorse see:

Are Zuckerburg and other Silicon Valley elite behind some of the politics in opposing public opposition to mandatory vaccines? It would not be the first time they used their wealth to try and influence public policy.

Like technology billionaire and vaccine supporter Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg has enough money and influence to force people to adopt his position on vaccines. His tax revenue alone provides billions to the U.S. Government and State of California [34], and he can give away up to half of his income by U.S. law to charitable organizations to avoid paying even more taxes.

This “philanthropy” coming out of Silicon Valley is creating what some are calling a “Brave New Economic Order [35].” Andrew Gumbel [35] wrote:

The trend is national but only in Silicon Valley do companies like Google or Apple have more money than local governments and spend accordingly. Zuckerberg and fiber optic telecommunications entrepreneur David Welch have become players in the education debate — not only because they want to, but because they can. They can outspend school districts and – especially in Welch’s case – outlawyer the teachers unions, which is a dramatic shift from standard democratic practice and perhaps more important than whether or not their cause is just. (Source [35].)

Zuckerberg is donating millions to schools and hospitals. With his pro-vaccine position, what role is he playing in current legislation to enforce medical tyranny in SB277?

See Also:

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [40]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99 [41]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23808,"Could Two Teaspoons of Coconut Oil a Day Keep Alzheimer’s at Bay?

by Christine Hsu

Medical Daily

Excerpts:

Vrajlal Parmar had recently been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease.

After taking a Mini Mental State Examination test used to diagnose Alzheimer’s disease, doctors informed the 67-year-old’s family that he was “too severely affected to score anything at all,” according to the Daily […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1707,"I have been investigating whether there is a proven link between vaccines and infertility. What I have uncovered will shock many readers because I have discovered that innocent women and girls in developing countries have been deliberately experimented on, with the use of infertility vaccines, for many years. They are not the only victims. Recently several vaccines used worldwide have also been found to cause infertility, including the HPV vaccines and many of the swine flu vaccines. I believe it is high time that we took back the control of our own lives and researched all vaccinations thoroughly before we agree to be vaccinated. Ultimately, it is each person’s decision whether or not they should be vaccinated, and the only way that we can make an informed choice about vaccinations is to be fully informed of the facts before agreeing to be vaccinated. I have proven, by referencing documents, articles and scientific papers, that a series of vaccines are being developed that are known to cause infertility. These vaccines have been and still are being administered to innocent people without their knowledge or consent. Surely, this practice is not only unethical, it is criminal.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33371,"The chicken pox is going around a community in the San Juan Islands in Washington State. The first case was in a boy who was vaccinated for chicken pox 10 days prior. So the vaccinated kids started the outbreak. Two other kids who got vaccinated also got the chicken pox. Chicken pox is a LIVE virus vaccine and live virus vaccines can in fact cause disease. Just like in this case. Now get this. These children who contracted the chicken pox from the vaccine have been deemed to have not had the chicken pox but rather “a negative reaction to the immunization”. In an even greater twist of logic, these children who got the chicken pox from the vaccine have been cleared to return to school – even though a vaccinated child who contracted the disease from the vaccine started the outbreak – but the unvaccinated kids who DO NOT have the chicken pox, must stay out of school for 21 days. So let me get this straight. If my kid is vaccinated and gets the chicken pox, it is not the chicken pox and he can go back to school but if he is unvaccinated and has no symptoms, he has to stay home?!?!?",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32670,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mCPEBM5ol0Q&feature=player_embedded#!

Path to Freedom presents ‘A Homegrown Revolution’ A collaboration of selective media clips which feature their urban homestead and farm which focus on the need of radical action — growing food in the city.

This self produced, short music video was shown at Peter Seller’s Cultural Art’s class at UCLA followed by a short presentation by urban farmer, Jules Dervaes founder of Path to Freedom. The class focus was on the art of slow food and among other guests invited were Michael Pollan, Alice Waters and Eric Schlosser.

Like Victory Gardens of yesteryear, start your own homegrown revolution, grow your own food in your back or front yard — for more information visit the urban homesteaders at http://www.PathtoFreedom.com [1]

Or on their online journal at: http://www.urbanhomestead.org/journal [2]

Since the early 80’s the Dervaes family has slowly transformed their ordinary city lot into a self sufficient urban homestead.

(NOTE: This video’s creation, concept, layout, sound pickups and editing was done in a marathon session of just three days so please excuse any choppy editing! )

VIDEO FOOTAGE COURTESY OF

Path to Freedom

Treehugger TV

CBS2 / KCAL9

SPA8 / Chris Klonecke

Gina Angelique / Chris Hall

EARTH RISE Dance Performance

INTERVIEWS COURTESY

Path to Freedom

Christopher Klonecke

Gina Angelique / Chris Hall

CBS2 / KCAL9

MUSIC COURTESY

“Revolution Cry”

Lifehouse / Blyss

“World”

Five for Fighting

“Paths of Victory”

Bob Dylan

“Looking Out My Backdoor”

Creedence Clearwater Revival

“Smoothie Song””

Nickel Creek

“Drive”

REM

“Green Grows the Rushes”

REM

“Footprints in the Snow”

Songs of the Hills

“Seneca Square Dance”

Songs of the Hills",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43918,"Will the Modern Genetics Movement Preserve Life or Threaten Life?

by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

This is part II of a series on the relationship between the eugenics movement and modern genetics. It examines whether true health and true happiness lie in the human genome. Are we really bound to the set of genes that we received from our parents? Or can we overcome what we were given? What are the factors that activate or deactivate certain genes? How can we control the expression of our genetic make-up to promote our health and the health of our children? Can we trust everything we hear about the benefits of genetic research?

Is there a dark side to genetics? Is there reason to suspect hidden motivations of certain groups who want us to be convinced that our genes, and only our genes, control every aspect of our health and well-being? Is it wise to believe that we have no other options than to suffer while scientists look for genetic cures for all that ails us?

The previous article reviewed the history of the eugenics movement and examined how it was given a facelift and transformed into what we now think of as the modern science of genetics. It discussed the eugenics program of Adolf Hitler that terminated the lives of eleven million men, women and children.

Hitler was strongly influenced by Darwin’s theory of evolution and by Americans who were promoting eugenics. He closely followed the teachings of university professors in the United States who were teaching eugenics and using the principles of Darwin’s theory of evolution to form a “superior” race of people in America. The previous article questioned whether there remains a link between the eugenics movement of the past and modern genetic science. Do they still share common goals?

The superior race that American eugenicists and Adolf Hitler envisioned was intended to be free of disability, poverty, and chronic illness. It was to be a “beautiful” race of people (as they saw it) that consisted of men and women with blond hair and blue eyes. They would be a select class of people who were physically perfect, physically fit, intellectually superior, and financially prosperous.

Modern eugenics does not seek to create a superior race, but it does have the potential for creating a superior class of people who will be distinguished by the absence of certain diseases, which they will call “health.” They will possess a certain set of traits that someone among them has determined to be “best” for humanity.

Both movements sought, and are seeking, to achieve high and lofty goals supposedly for our benefit. They promise to provide rapid restoration for all that ails us. They seek to improve the defects that exist in humankind and create a future in which disease, illness, and poverty will only exist in the memories of older generations, because genetic defects will have been corrected or eliminated. [1]

The previous article noted that the theory of Darwinian evolution and its implementation through eugenics disregards individual and personal choices concerning human reproduction, and it devalues human life itself. Darwinism and eugenics replace the love-based commitment between family members with allegiance to the state. They replace the worship of God with the worship of eugenic principles and evolutionary theory. They turn the hearts of the people away from valuing and protecting human life, and desensitize society to death. They teach people to accept the fact that the lives of some people must be sacrificed for the greater good of the “superior” ones who remain.

At the heart of the eugenics movement was a deep seated belief in the superiority of the white race, and the need for eliminating other races that they determined to be inferior. It called for the cleansing of the white race as well to eliminate all people and families who showed evidence of having defective genetic material (germplasm).

Read Part 1:

Additional Similarities between Eugenics and Modern Genetics

I am struck by certain similarities between the old eugenics movement and the “science” of modern genetics as it is now known. Let’s take a look at a few additional similarities that were not discussed in the previous article.

Both Eugenics and Genetics Claim to be “Scientific”

Eugenicists were convinced that their observations were based on rigorously applied scientific methods. They believe that the human traits they observed were all directly tied to the human germplasm.

They assumed that the environment where people lived, the food people ate, the lifestyle they chose, the educational opportunities that were provided, etc., had very little to do with the quality of the human life that would result. The balance between “nature versus nurture” was heavily weighted toward “nature.”

This means that they believed that a nurturing environment could not overcome the power of one’s germplasm (genetic material), and thus, people were destined to have the same negative traits as their parents. Nature would always rule over nurture. It didn’t matter how well people were treated by other people in society or whether they were given opportunities to change, they would always remain defective.

If we look at the general marketing of modern genetics, we see the same claims. We are told that genetics is a science, just as the eugenicists once said. We are also told that our genes set the stage for everything in our lives, and we must live with the defects we received at conception, which control our illnesses.

It is true that genetics uses lots of scientific jargon, and uses advanced chemistry and highly sophisticated scientific equipment to study and manipulate genetic material. Geneticists, like most other professionals with PhD level training, could easily dominate and control most any conversation having to do with their field of expertise when speaking to non-scientists. However, just because they use scientific techniques and use a technical language filled with scientific jargon, does not mean that everything they say and all of the principles they use are accurate, logical, or true.

A hundred years ago, eugenicists were equally able to dominate conversations, and they were fundamentally wrong on many points regarding the inheritability of traits that did not involve the germplasm. For example, their claim that black persons in America lived as an underclass in poverty was caused by their deficient germplasm was nothing but racist ideology squeezed into the box of “scientific” jargon.

During the years when the eugenics movement was having a powerful political influence in America, 1900-1945, there were some scientists who were seriously looking to understand inheritance and the function of germplasm. However, the field of eugenic studies was dominated by those who were pushing a racist agenda dedicated to the creation of a superior race. I also imagine that today, there are genetic scientists who are working at the level of pure scientific research to understand the many mysteries of genetic activity in human DNA. However, others, perhaps the majority, have become captive to the special interests of corporations, and are following an agenda dedicated to controlling human genetic material for the sake of creating products, making extremely high cost drugs, and managing human behavior.

Pharmaceutical Companies and Genetic Research

Most proponents of corporation-based modern genetics continue to cling to a belief that the environment plays a very small role in human development. In their minds, the “nature versus nurture” argument continues to be heavily weighted toward the unchangeable contribution of nature. Genetics seems to convey the idea that there is a gene for everything; the totality of who we are and who we will become is predetermined by our personal configuration of genes. They don’t always say this explicitly; but it is the thrust of their message. [2]

The pharmaceutical industry sees genetics as the cash cow that will deliver extraordinarily high profits that will provide for their future prosperity. They are speaking about gene-based therapies that will be individually made to match the genetic needs of each patient. They speak of correcting and replacing genetic abnormalities to restore health and to perhaps even strengthen the human genetic make-up. They are developing genetic science for the sake of making a profit. [3]

For those of us on the outside of the pharmaceutical industry and on the outside of genetic research, we must wonder if their intention is to somehow control the expression of life itself and to give the “highest quality” of human perfection to those who have the greatest ability to pay for it.

Eugenics and Genetics Sit Side by Side

If every illness is ultimately genetic as pharmaceutical companies and other corporations are telling us, then we have no hope for sustaining health unless we can afford to purchase it. We have no hope for solving social problems unless someone fixes the genes that cause our human dysfunction. On this common ground, modern genetic science and its predecessor eugenics sit comfortably side by side. The former proponents of eugenics and the modern proponents of genetics see a scientific world in which the control and manipulation of genes is the answer to every problem.

The natural progression of genetic science is intended to lead directly to the perfection of humanity. Eugenicists tried to perfect humanity through sterilization, intentional breeding, and execution of “deficient” human beings. Modern genetics will attempt to create the super human by direct manipulation of genetic material. [4]

One thing is for sure, genetic technology and genetic manipulation are expensive endeavors. Who will be the recipients of the fruit of modern genetic research? Will it be the average person, or will it be those who have the ability to pay for genetic improvements for themselves and their offspring?

Who Will Define the “Perfect Combination” of Genes?

The plan to manipulate the human genome to “improve” human DNA and therefore human functioning raises many questions. In the effort to create a perfect person without defects, how do we know what is perfect? Who will decide? Who will produce the first generation of perfect humans? What will be their position in society? What will happen to the less genetically perfect people? How will we keep the imperfect people from weakening the more “perfect human bloodlines” that modern genetic science will try to develop?

Will modern genetics lead to programs of sterilization as in past generations where “inferior” people were prevented from mating with genetically “superior” people? Will we end up heading toward the creation of a new master race similar to the one that Adolf Hitler and the other eugenicists of his era envisioned? Is modern genetics going to become another form of human breeding for those who have the resources to “order” children who meet the designer specifications of parents and social planners?

The Genetic Myth: Not Everything is in the Genes

In 2003 scientists announced the completion of human genome mapping. They then went to work to find the specific genes that cause certain illnesses and traits, so that gene-based therapies could be created. They are heading down the same road that previous generations of eugenicists followed – human perfection through genetic modification.

The road they are traveling is actually a dead end. We now know that health is not just a matter of the presence or absence of certain genes, but whether the genes are able to express their normal function in the human body.

We now know that there are many factors that influence the functioning of our genes. Diet, exercise, exposure to toxic chemicals, age, lifestyle, and even exposure to sunshine have a direct influence on whether our genetic make-up will function properly. The effect of external factors on genetic functioning is called Epigenetics.

Epigenetics is a More Accurate Form of Scientific Research

In the past, most genetic researchers and eugenicists focused on the quality of the germplasm or genes, and largely disregarded the influence of environmental factors. They saw the unfolding of human traits and destiny as a matter of nature and scoffed at the idea that defective people could be transformed through living in a nurturing environment.

They believed that people were hopelessly stuck with the genetic composition that nature provided, and would never be able to advance beyond their inherited genetic composition.

Today we know that environmental factors have powerful effects on every aspect of human life. Health and illness are controlled by factors that activate or deactivate certain genes. New research is uncovering the role of epigenetics in a variety of human disorders and fatal diseases. [5]

Dr. Joseph Mercola has discussed epigenetics in several articles. Dr. Mercola stated:

The Human Genome Project, which was completed in 2003, discovered that we have nowhere near enough genes to account for all the biological functions in the human body, and the reason for this is because genes do not operate as previously predicted. In a nutshell, having a “cancer program” in your DNA does not automatically mean you’re destined to get cancer. … Simply having the genetic information does not mean it will be expressed. As it turns out, [Dr. Mercola explained further], any given gene can create and encode tens of thousands of different proteins, and it is these proteins that dictate cell function. What’s most important here is that the types of proteins encoded is dependent on the environment in which the cell finds itself. In fact, the epigenetic influences appear to be most powerful. These are the factors that cause your genes to actually be expressed and produce the proteins they encode for. A toxic environment will cause a gene to produce different proteins than a non-toxic environment for example. That said, [Dr. Mercola added] according to more recent research, the picture is likely even more complex. Researchers have now discovered that while each person has one major genome, on the cellular level you can have multiple different genomes, depending on the tissue. [6]

We also have learned that epigenetic changes can be passed on to our children. This means that children are not born as a completely clean genetic slate. The environmental exposure and lifestyle of parents produce changes in gene expression and this can also be passed on to our children for one or more generations. So, it is not just genes that are passed on to children, but the fact that some genes will be active and others will be inactive.

This also means that all the unhealthy things that we have done to ourselves will be reflected in the next generation.

Our consumption of the Standard American Diet, our lack of exercise, our history of emotional traumas, our drug and alcohol use, our use of vaccines, our exposure to chemical toxins, our use of pharmaceutical drugs, our use of perfume and scented laundry products, our false beliefs, our negative thoughts, our impure intentions, the absence or presence of a relationship with God, etc. will all have an effect on the expression (functioning) of our genes. These effects can then be passed on to our descendants. Our genes will not have changed, however their activity will have been dramatically altered by our experiences and our lifestyle.

Genetic Expression is not Permanent: Possible to Reactivate Genes

The good news is that genetic expression is not permanent. It is possible to reactivate genes that have been suppressed by the poor choices and stressful lives we have lived. We are not hopelessly stuck in a prison of our own genetic material. We can have hope, and we can make changes that can dramatically improve our health, our happiness, and yes, even our prosperity. The choices that we make in how we nurture ourselves and our children can correct faulty genetic expression and enable our genes to function as they were intended.

Environmental factors have powerful effects over our genes, and we don’t have to wait until genetic science learns how to “fix” our genes. [7]

Identical Twins Reveal the Truth about Genetic Expression

Our genetic expression changes during our lifetime based on the totality of our choices and all that happens to us. This is clearly shown in identical twins.

When two babies are born with the exact same DNA, the differences between them are usually not detectable at birth unless one of the babies has been harmed in some way during the time in the womb. However, during the course of their lives, the identical twins will have different life experiences and be exposed to different environmental influences and toxins.

As life progresses for them, they actually become two different people. Their genes still remain identical. However, the expression of their genes can be very different. This is why if one identical twin develops cancer, then it does not necessarily mean that the other twin will develop the same disease. This also explains why one identical twin might become obese while the other remains slender. [8, 9, 10]

In another article about epigenetics, Dr. Mercola described the future of health restoration. He stated:

So the good news is that you are in control of your genes … You can alter them on a regular basis, depending on the foods you eat, the air you breathe, and the thoughts you think. It’s your environment and lifestyle that dictates your tendency to express disease, and this new realization is set to make major waves in the future of disease prevention — including one day educating people on how to fight disease at the epigenetic level. When a disease occurs, the solution, according to epigenetic therapy, is simply to “remind” your affected cells (change its environmental instructions) of its healthy function, so they can go back to being normal cells instead of diseased cells. [11]

Epigenetics Ignored – Genetic Determinism Agenda Pursued Instead

Even though some genetic researchers are delving deeply into epigenetics, this is not the case for everyone in their field. Genetic research sponsored by corporations tends to continue to focus on adding or removing genetic material, creating synthetic genetic material, and creating various tests and therapies that can be sold in the medical marketplace. Federal funding follows the desires of corporations and their vision of the future. Together, corporations and federal agencies are working to prevent us from noticing the fact that the dominant view of genetic determinism is a myth. They are dedicated to pursuing their genetics agenda in the same way that eugenicists were dedicated to pursuing their agenda. They both claimed that science was fully behind their ideas and the world needed to wake up to the great social need to improve the genetic composition of all humankind.

What if the functioning of certain suppressed genes could be reactivated by daily sun exposure or the consumption of raw garlic? Would corporations want to do this type of epigenetic research? Of course not! They would rather pursue strategies of genetic alteration, which would costs millions of dollars and could be sold for billions of dollars, instead of investing in inexpensive and unpatentable solutions such as using sunshine or garlic to influence genetic expression. If they do work with epigenetics, then they will do it with the intention of developing high priced drugs, which people will need to take for the rest of their lives.

In a 2013 article, “Science and Social Control: Political Paralysis and the Genetics Agenda,” written by Jonathan Latham, PhD, he begins to unravel the genetics agenda. He stated:

Precise figures are not available, but over the last fifteen years close to half the budget of the NIH [U.S. National Institutes of Health] has gone to genetic analysis of human populations. That is likely in excess of $$100 billion dollars in the US alone. [12]

Why is the US government funding so much genetic research and essentially ignoring the epigenetic factors that actually control genetic activity?

The answer lies in the special interest groups who all want us to believe the myth that our genes are the master cause of illness and suffering, and that only the great wisdom that comes from modern genetics can save us. They want us to believe that our only hope lies in genetics. We are told to ignore other causes of illness and to just do whatever physicians tell us to do until the day when genetic science can perfect our genes and cure us.

The situation with corporation based genetics is a lot like the 1939 film, The Wizard of Oz. The film is an adventure of a young homesick girl named Dorothy, her little dog, a scarecrow without a brain, a man made of tin without a heart, and a lion who lacks courage. They all have defects and needs that they can’t seem to solve by themselves. They are told that their hope is in the great Wizard of Oz who lives in the Emerald City.

They meet the wizard who first appears as a terrifying mass of fire, steam, and smoke who intimidates them by his obnoxious bellowing commands. He sends them on a life threatening journey to get the broomstick of the wicked witch before he would grant their wishes for restoration. This tests their character and worthiness.

When they return to the wizard with the broomstick, the terrible Wizard decides not to grant their wishes. While they all tremble before the great Oz wondering what to do next, Dorothy’s little dog jumps out of her arms and begins to tug at a nearby curtain. Suddenly the image of a man is revealed from behind the curtain. He is pulling various levers that make the fire and smoke belch forth in the grand meeting hall. He is speaking into a microphone and his words are being amplified throughout the meeting hall as if it was the voice of the great and terrible Oz speaking from the platform of fire and steam.

When the man is first exposed, he shouts into the microphone “Don’t look behind that curtain.” Later he commands Dorothy and her companions to “ignore that man behind the curtain.” He vainly tries to get Dorothy and her friends to turn away from the truth that lies behind the curtain and to keep watching the meaningless fire and smoke that is in front of them.

Finally Dorothy and her friends all wake up to what is really happening, and confront the man behind the curtain. The man is not a wizard at all, but just a man. He confesses the truth of his deception and does what he can to help each of them with simple human gestures of sympathy.

You can see images from the film in the video clip below. The clip ends with a brief image of the terrible Wizard of Oz.

Special Interest Groups Want Us to Tremble in Fear about Our Genetics

There are many special interest groups who want us to tremble in fear about our “helpless condition” regarding the genetic basis of illness. Which of us has the genes for cancer? Which of us has the genes for Alzheimer’s? Which of us has the genes for heart disease? Which of our children has the gene for autism or learning disabilities? The list goes on and on. They want us to turn to corporation controlled genetic researchers in the same way that Dorothy turned to the great wizard of Oz. They want us to turn to the pharmaceutical industry and say, “What should we do? What should we do! Please help us!”

If we tremble in fear over the potential illnesses that might attack us from within our own DNA, then we will be easily controlled by the propaganda of corporate interest groups. They want us to feel helpless and to have little hope for health unless scientists find a genetic cure for all that ails us.

The dominant public relations program that is being carried out in the conventional media is constantly turning our attention toward the genetic basis of illness, and dissuading us from considering epigenetics. They want us to believe two lies. First, “All our illnesses have their origin in our genes.” Second, they want us to believe, “It doesn’t matter what we eat, what we drink, where we live, what products we put on our bodies, the substances we breathe into our lungs, etc., because any problems we have are ultimately caused by our genes.”

What is the truth that lies behind these two lies? What is the truth that lies behind the curtain of genetic deception?

It is a simple fact – it is rarely our genes (by themselves) that are making us sick and killing us through chronic illness – it is primarily the effect of our environment. It is external factors that are making us sick, stealing our vitality, damaging the ability of our children to learn and thrive, weakening our fertility, and consuming our financial resources with overpriced and often ineffective medical treatments, many of which do more harm than good.

Chemical manufacturers want us to believe that their chemicals aren’t making us sick, because it is really our genes that are causing our illnesses.

Vaccine manufacturers want us to believe that their vaccines can’t be making us and our children sick, because vaccines are safe, so they say, and if someone claims harm, then it must be their bad genes.

Agribusiness wants us to believe that the glyphosate they use and the genetically modified crops they grow can’t harm us, because illness comes from our genes.

The manufacturers of processed foods want us to believe that the hundreds of chemical additives that they mix into their “food” concoctions can’t harm us, because the real cause of chronic illness is genetic.

Manufacturers of wireless communication devices want us to believe that their products can’t harm us, because no one gets cancer unless they already have a cancer gene.

Manufacturers of highly toxic conventional skincare products, perfume, household cleaning products, scented laundry products, etc. all want us to believe that the toxic chemicals these products contain can’t harm us unless we have a rare genetic susceptibility, which means these products play no part in our problems.

All these interest groups, and the U.S. regulatory system that supports their claims, have a vested interest in keeping the curtain of the Wizard of Oz closed tight. If we keep believing that it is our genes that make us sick, then these groups don’t have to worry that people might stop purchasing their products, or even worse, might sue them for health-related damages.

They want us to believe that our genes are the reason for our illnesses, and to doubt that external factors could be making us sick. They want us to conclude that we have no right to sue because they are not responsible for the fact that it was our parents who gave us a bad set of genes. They want us to doubt our own perceptions about the cause of autism, and to just believe that autistic children are simply the unfortunate recipients of defective genes.

These corporate entities don’t have to conclusively prove that their products are harmless – all they need to do is raise doubt in the mind of the public and in courtroom juries. A little doubt will go a long way to prevent most people from seeing the truth and acting on it.

Modern Genetics Used to Manipulate Behavior

Sometimes people think they see the phony wizard behind the curtain, but then they begin to doubt themselves — maybe it’s just their imagination. They wonder about the relationship between the man who is shouting in the microphone, “Don’t look behind the curtain!” and the amplified voice that is shouting out from the end of the great hall where the fire and smoke of the embodied image of the Great Wizard of Oz is located. They see the man pulling the levers out of the corner of their eyes and see the bursting forth of fire and smoke, but can’t quite believe that he is connected to the fire and smoke they are observing.

The same thing happens with conventional mainstream media sources. We see bits and pieces of truth about the dark side of modern genetics, but have trouble believing that the media is deceiving us with genetic propaganda. Powerful corporate interests, just like the Wizard of Oz, are commanding the public to “not look at the man behind the curtain.” They are trying to use the media to make us all believe that genetics is the ultimate solution to all of our health problems.

In 2004, the science writer, John Horgan published an article entitled, ““Do Our Genes Influence Behavior? Why We Want to Think They Do.” I will share one of his insightful comments. John Horgan was a senior writer at Scientific American and wrote for numerous other well-known scientific publications. He currently is the Director of the Center for Science Writings at Stevens Institute of Technology. He described the pattern in which grand announcements are made about the discovery of certain genes, but how proof of those discoveries often doesn’t materialize after the announcements. This pattern is called propaganda, which is put forth to build a false set of beliefs in the mind of the public. He noted:

Researchers have announced the discovery of “genes for” attention-deficit disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder, manic depression, schizophrenia, autism, dyslexia, alcoholism, heroin addiction, high IQ, male homosexuality, sadness, extroversion, introversion, novelty seeking, impulsivity, violent aggression, anxiety, anorexia, seasonal affective disorder, and pathological gambling. So far, not one of those claims has been confirmed. That should not be surprising, given that complex traits and disorders are almost certainly caused by many different genes interacting with many different environmental factors. [13]

In 2013, Jonathan Latham, PhD, reported a request for proposals from the U.S. government regarding the search for a gene that is apparently of great interest to our government. He reported:

The US National Human Genome Research Institute last year put out a call for evidence asking geneticists to support a search for predispositions to “behavioral adherence” to expert advice (i.e. compliance). [14]

In other words, the funders of genetic research are asking genetic scientists to find a gene that they could potentially manipulate, which would cause people to become more compliant to advice offered by experts. They are looking for a gene that would prevent us from looking at the Wizard behind the curtain and disregarding what our senses and our mind are telling us. They are looking for a gene that could be activated in such a way that we would blindly follow the instructions that government gives to us.

They want us to fall into line just the way the German population during the era of the German Third Reich blindly obeyed Adolf Hitler without looking behind the curtain. If corporations and the government say, “Don’t look behind the curtain,” then this gene will prevent most of us from tugging on the fabric of deception, that is, unless our little dog happens to jump out of our arms and show us the truth.

Is Modern Day American Genetics Leading us Down the Same Path as Nazi Germany’s Eugenics?

I don’t believe in using crystal balls or any form of divination. I do, however, plan to continue to use my rational mind and God-given intuition for looking behind the curtain for the purpose of communicating to others what I perceive.

When I combine the historical evidence of the eugenics movement presented in the previous article with current genetic research activities, and then add in my observations of our natural longing to be free of illness and to produce children who are happy and healthy, I see some disturbing sights.

When I look at how the eugenics program of Adolf Hitler was implemented, I can’t help but see similar conditions developing in the United States today. When I take into account the increasing willingness of society to disregard the value of human life itself in favor of personal rights and desires, I see the emergence of a cold and dispassionate world where modern genetics will control many decisions regarding life and death for Americans. I see a new way of thinking about child development, which will grant great freedom to parents and society regarding the killing of children for the sake of parental happiness and the “greater social good.”

When I wrote the previous article in this series, I began with a consideration of proposals from a minority camp of modern eugenicists who were suggesting that post-birth abortion could be performed anytime up to age five. They might not call themselves eugenicists, but their words betray their allegiance to Darwinian theory and eugenic practices. The proponents of post-birth abortion are telling us that we should have the right to terminate the lives of young children (up to age 5) who have not yet discovered their personhood, and who have failed to meet our expectations.

I also noted that there is a movement to glorify those who are willing to take matters in their own hands and agree to end their lives through medically assisted suicide. It is only a short step from post-birth abortion and medically assisted suicide to the involuntary termination of life as was practiced by the greatest eugenicist of all, Adolf Hitler.

A day may be coming soon when decisions of reproduction, life, and death may be in the hands of committees composed of genetic scientists. They will “jury” us to determine who is worthy of life and who is not.

Human “Jurying” by Government to Identify Defective Human Beings?

In some high end art shows, the term “juried” is used to mean that a group of judges will evaluate each piece of art to see if it meets certain standards for inclusion in the show.

Human beings may soon be juried to see if they are qualified to be included in society as human beings. If a piece of art failed to be passed by the jury, then it is rejected from appearing in the show. If a young child fails to be approved by the jury, then he or she might just be denied the right to be declared human, and be denied the right to live. In this system, failure to pass the jury would lead to immediate post-birth abortion.

How Jurying Might be Practiced by Medical Authorities

Let’s say your baby is born in the hospital on Monday morning. Before the baby is given to you to begin the bonding process, the baby would be swept away to be examined. A team of healthcare professionals would then jury your child.

The genetic jury will seek to find genetic defects. They will examine the family tree of the child and the genetic code of both parents, looking for evidence of defective genes. They will examine your medical history to determine whether you have experienced serious illnesses, mental illness, learning difficulties, addictions, or other defects. They will assess whether you are gainfully employed, well educated, and have above average intelligence. They will examine your financial resources, the size of your family, and your degree of debt to be sure you can afford to care for this new baby. They will casually observe your race and ethnic background to determine if you are in the “preferred group” of parents. They will check for signs of being a religious zealot. They will ask you to get on the scale to determine whether you are overweight and will evaluate your physical fitness.

After they examine your baby’s physical health status and his or her genetics, examine you and your spouse, review your medical history, and your personal financial resources, then the genetic jury would render their decision.

If the genetic jury gives a passing grade, then your child will be given back to you. If not, then the baby will be aborted through a quick and painless death.

If you receive your newborn baby, then you will have five years to decide whether you want to keep the child. You have five years to jury the child. If at any point, you decide to abort the child, then that is your right as long as he or she is under age five.

During those first four years of life, you might decide to pursue post-birth abortion if your child develops autism, food allergies, eczema, learning disabilities, developmental delays, epilepsy, uncontrollable aggression, rebellion against parental authority, cancer, or any other signs of “imperfect genes.” You could even pursue post-birth abortion if your child’s appearance doesn’t meet your expectations, you become tired of all the work it take to raise a child, you can no longer afford to care for your child, or if you discover that the little girl or boy that you have isn’t as “sweet” as you had hoped and you would rather try again for a better version.

Of course, officials from the state could also decide to pursue post-birth abortion on your behalf if your child demonstrates serious defects and you don’t request post-birth abortion. If your pediatrician discovers that you are abusing your child by not feeding the child sugar and other types of highly processed junk food, or are refusing to give the child vaccines, then the physician might be obligated to turn you over to CPS (Child Protective Services) for investigation. This also might happen if you refuse to agree to post-birth abortion when the physician sees a developmental disability or other illness. CPS could then approve the abortion of your child.

Under this futuristic scenario, CPS would not take a defective child into their system, rather they would just seek to terminate the child’s life and reduce potential unnecessary expenditures before the child becomes too old to abort. Of course, since children who are less than five years old would still be considered to be like animals, they might be turned over to genetic research laboratories for experimentation prior to being aborted. Your child would not be safe from the threat of post-birth abortion until his or her fifth birthday.

The state would claim the right to authorize post-birth abortion, because the cost of caring for a deficient member of society is high, and the possibility of that child contributing defective genes to the next generation also remains very high.

What I have just described is another form of eugenics. It is a process of controlling population growth and preventing certain children from reaching adulthood when they could pass-on their defective genes to a new generation.

Would “Post-Birth Abortions” Reduce the Population of Autistic Children?

Let’s consider a single simple example. Autism Spectrum Disorders can be observed in infants and in toddlers as young as age 2. [15] The appearance of autism would be considered a genetic defect. Even though current evidence shows an undeniable link between vaccination and autism, the pharmaceutical industry and the U.S. government denies the link. As a result, young autistic children would be considered ideal candidates for post-birth abortion even if their autism was a direct result of vaccination.

Let’s do a few calculations to determine how many children might be involved. The number of births in the United States in recent years has been just under 4 million children per year. [16] The rate of autism is now estimated to be 1 out of 50 children. [17] Children are being diagnosed with autism at an increasingly earlier age. [18] It is now common for diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder to be made before children start attending public school at age 5. I wasn’t able to find an exact statistic that would tell us the percentage of children diagnosed before age 5 and after age 5, but for sake of this discussion I will say that about half are identified in those early years.

If we apply this information to determine the number of children with Autism that are less than five years old, then the current rate of 1 out of 50 children would be 1 out of 100. If we calculate the number of children between age 0 through age 4 born in the last four years (4 million times 4 years), then this would equal 16 million children. The estimated number of children with Autism Spectrum Disorder would then be approximately 1% or 160,000 children.

So, if post-birth abortion became legal today, for children up to age five, then 160,000 young autistic children who are alive today could be legally aborted (killed), because they are considered defective.

The state would encourage parents to abort these children because of the high costs for caring for them, especially when they become adults. 2014 data shows that autism services cost U.S. citizens 236 billion dollars to 262 billion dollars per year. A majority of costs in the U.S. are in adult services – 175 billion dollars to 196 billion dollars as compared to autism services for children, which range from 61 billion dollars to 66 billion dollars. The U.S. cost of autism over the lifespan is about $$2.4 million for a person with an intellectual disability, or $$1.4 million for a person without intellectual disability. [19]

Of course, children with autism would not be the only children who would face the possibility of post-birth abortion. We are already doing genetic testing of babies in the womb, and aborting them if they have certain genes or just happen to be the wrong sex. It is a short step to terminate the lives of newly born babies for the same reasons.

This is not just population control. It is not just social engineering. It is eugenics and it is murder! This is a system in which only young children with certain sets of traits would be permitted to live. Those who don’t match the profile of a superior human being would be destroyed before too many resources could be “wasted” on raising them. This system is an example of how Darwin’s theory of evolution could be put into practice. It would seek to advance the rate of evolution by eliminating the unfit, who are considered to be retarding the perfection of the human race. It is also utilitarian in nature. We could just get rid of children who are going to cost society too much money and never become productive citizens.

The Genetic Myth and its Relationship to Darwinian Evolution

Eugenicists embraced Darwin’s theory of evolution. Geneticists embrace Darwin’s theory of evolution. U.S. government regulators embrace Darwin’s theory of evolution. Public schools and colleges embrace Darwin’s theory of evolution. Major corporations embrace Darwin’s theory of evolution. Some of these groups might not say they support Darwin’s theory, but their behavior betrays their beliefs. Does the nearly unanimous agreement by these groups mean that they are all correct, and are able to think beyond their own special interests?

There are still people who believe that we must protect those who are not capable of protecting themselves. I am part of this small minority. We now know, for example, that it is possible for children with autism spectrum disorders to be healed with homeopathy, probiotics and dietary changes.

We now know that people with Alzheimer’s can reverse the progression of their conditions by eating coconut oil, discontinuing the use of vaccines, and by adopting a diet that will heal their digestive system and immune system.

Given these facts, which prove that epigenetics is a functional reality, then why would we not protect such people from being euthanized, when they can be healed? It is a lie that children with autism and adults with Alzheimer’s are doomed to living dysfunctional lives. It’s not their genes that are the problem, but their exposure to a toxic environment, which is creating their problems. Autism and Alzheimer’s can be healed. These conditions are signs of environmental damage and not signs of genetic abnormalities. Why would we consider harming the victims of our toxic world?

Do we really want to have the legal right to kill children after they are born? Do we really want the legal right to kill elderly people who are no longer aware of their health condition? Do we really want to have the legal right to kill one another to prevent financial expenditures? Do we really want to set the stage for a new Hitler to come into power and begin terminating the lives of people who do not match some arbitrary model of human perfection? Do we want to return to the open loathing that was once directed toward “defectives,” which was expressed by some of America’s most famous leaders in the past?

America’s History of Racism and Hatred of “Defective” People

I believe the words of Oliver Wendell Holmes will provide a practical example of the extent to which highly educated and powerful people had a loathing for those they judged as being deficient or defective. Oliver Wendell Holmes was one of the U.S. Supreme Court’s most eloquent and outspoken justices during the first part of the 20th century. He served in the court between 1902 and 1932. Many of his words capture the views of the eugenics movement.

Eugenic historian, Edwin Black, gathered the following quotations from the written legacy left by Oliver Wendell Holmes, and included them in his book, War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America’s Campaign to Create a Master Race. Edwin Black stated:

In the years just prior to receiving Buck v. Bell, Holmes expressed his most candid opinions of mankind. In 1920, writing to English jurist Sir Frederick Pollack, Holmes confessed, “Man at present is a predatory animal. I think that the sacredness of human life is a purely municipal idea of no validity outside the jurisdiction. I believe that force, mitigated so far as it may be by good manners, is the ultima ratio [final argument], and between two groups that want to make inconsistent kinds of world I see no remedy except force.” He was fond of a certain slogan, and in June of 1922 he repeated it to British scholar and future Labor Party Chairman Harold J. Laski. ”As I have said, no doubt, often, it seems to me that all society rests on the death of men. If you don’t kill ’em one way you kill ’em another—or prevent their being born.” In 1926, Holmes again confided to Laski, ”In cases of difference between oneself and another there is nothing to do except in unimportant matters to think ill of him and in important ones to kill him.” Shortly thereafter, Holmes wrote Laski, “We look at our fellow men with sympathy but nature looks at them as she looks at flies” [20]

Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote the majority opinion for the U.S. Supreme Court decision in 1927 in the case involving a plan for the involuntary sterilization of Carrie Buck, who was described as being a feebleminded white woman living in a Virginia state institution.

Edwin Black provides this last quote from Justice Holmes. Holmes stated:

It is better for all the world, if instead of waiting to execute degenerate offspring for crime, or to let them starve for their imbecility, society can prevent those who are manifestly unfit from continuing their kind. The principle that sustains compulsory vaccination is broad enough to cover cutting the Fallopian tubes. Three generations of imbeciles are enough. [21]

Did you notice how the mind of the eugenicist and legal scholar Oliver Wendell Holmes connected the dots? He saw very little legal difference between mandatory vaccination and mandatory sterilization.

We are now living through a time in which powerful corporations are driving the political process and seeking to require mandatory vaccinations for all children in public schools and for adults in the workplace. Will the mandatory sterilization of “defectives” be just around the corner?

We currently permit babies to be aborted while in the womb when genetic screening identifies the presence of various unwanted genes. Will we soon be permitting the killing of babies after they are born if the same unwanted genes are present?

We permit (in some states) extremely ill people to have physicians kill them at their request (physician- assisted suicide or euthanasia). There are subtle signs appearing in the media that are delivering the message to us that thoughtful people who are concerned about such things as end of life healthcare expenditures would actually choose to do the right thing and ask that their lives be terminated before their quality of life becomes so bad that they have nothing to live for.

How long will it be before the desire to live as long as a person’s body has the ability to live on its own will be considered a sign of feeble- mindedness? How long will it be before dying with dignity at the time we choose will be considered as a sign of health and maturity, and not to make such a choice will be seen as a sign of selfishness or perhaps even feeblemindedness? How long will it be before physicians declare that patients are feebleminded if they can’t make a rational decision to request euthanasia, and the physicians will make the choice for them? How long will it be before genetic information will be gathered from us against our will, and then used to qualify us for sterilization or termination? [22, 23]

These questions and many others lie before us waiting for answers while the genetic revolution is unfolding itself before our eyes.

Is modern genetics a great gift to humankind, or will it become a curse that separates humanity into favored and less favored groups? Will some of us be destined for perfection while others of us will be marked for isolation, sterilization, and extermination as in the past? Will modern genetics lead us down the same road as eugenics did during the first half of the 20th century?

References

[1] “ExplainingTheFuture.com: Genetic Engineering,” Retrieved 6/21/2015. http://www.explainingthefuture.com/genetics.html

[2] “A Country Unveils Its Gene Pool and Debate Flares,” Sarah Lyall, The Learning Network Blog – The New York Times, 2/15/1999, Retrieved 6/23/2015. http://www.nytimes.com/learning/general/featured_articles/990217wednesday.html

[3] “Obama announces ‘precision medicine’ initiative – Modern Healthcare,” Darius Tahir, 1/21/2015, Retrieved 6/23/2015. http://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20150121/NEWS/301219937

[4] Francis S. Collins, Eric D. Green, Alan E. Guttmacher & Mark S. Guyer (On behalf of the US National Human Genome Research Institute); “NHGRI’s Vision for the Future of Genomic Research,” Nature, Vol. 422, No. 6934, April 24, 2003, p. 835-847, Retrieved 6/22/2015. http://www.genome.gov/11007524

[5] “Epigenetics: Fundamentals,” What is Epigenetics?, Retrieved 6/20/2015. http://www.whatisepigenetics.com/fundamentals/

[6] “Are ‘Design-A-Baby’ Centers Next?” Dr. Joseph Mercola, 10/15/2013, Retrieved 6/15/2015. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/10/15/designer-babies-genetic-modification.aspx

[7] “Why Your DNA Isn’t Your Destiny,” Dr. Joseph Mercola January 23, 2010, Retrieved 6/15/2015. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2010/01/23/why-your-dna-isnt-your-destiny.aspx

[8] IBID.

[9] “How Exercise Affects Your Genes, and More,” Dr. Joseph Mercola, February 13, 2015, Retrieved 6/15/2015. http://fitness.mercola.com/sites/fitness/archive/2015/02/13/exercise-affects-genes.aspx

[10] “Your Diet Could be More Important Than Your Genes,” Dr. Joseph Mercola, 7/08/2010, Retrieved 6/15/2015. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2010/07/08/your-diet-could-be-more-important-than-your-genes.aspx

[11] “Epigenetics: How Your Mind Can Reprogram Your Genes,” Dr. Joseph Mercola, 4/11/2012, Retrieved 6/15/2015. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/04/11/epigenetic-vs-determinism.aspx

[12] “Science and Social Control: Political Paralysis and the Genetics Agenda,” Jonathan Latham, PhD, Independent Science News, 8/3/2013, Retrieved 6/19/2015. http://www.independentsciencenews.org/science-media/science-and-social-control-political-paralysis-and-the-genetics-agenda/

[13] “Do Our Genes Influence Behavior? Why We Want to Think They Do” John Horgan, Chronicle of Higher Education, November 26, 2004, available for viewing on American Buddha Online Library, Retrieved 6/20/2015. http://www.american-buddha.com/horgan.doourgenesinfluencebehavior.htm

[14] “Science and Social Control: Political Paralysis and the Genetics Agenda,” Jonathan Latham, PhD, Independent Science News, 8/3/2013, Retrieved 6/19/2015. http://www.independentsciencenews.org/science-media/science-and-social-control-political-paralysis-and-the-genetics-agenda/

[15] Lord C1, Risi S, DiLavore PS, Shulman C, Thurm A, Pickles A.; “Autism from 2 to 9 years of age,” Arch Gen Psychiatry, Jun 2006, PMID 16754843.

[16] “FastStats – Births and Natality,” Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Data for 2013, Retrieved 6/21/2015. http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/births.htm

[17] “National Survey Pegs Autism Prevalence at 1 in 50 School-age Children,” Science News, Posted on Autism Speaks, 3/20/2013, Retrieved, 6/21/2015. https://www.autismspeaks.org/science/science-news/national-survey-pegs-autism-prevalence-1-50-school-age-children

[18] Irva Hertz-Picciottoa, and Lora Delwichea; “The Rise in Autism and the Role of Age at Diagnosis,” Epidemiology, January 2009, 84–90, PMCID PMC4113600, Retrieved 6/21/2015. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4113600/

[19] “Facts and Statistics,” Autism Society, Retrieved 6/21/2015. http://www.autism-society.org/what-is/facts-and-statistics/

[20] War Against the Weak: Eugenics and America’s Campaign to Create a Master Race, Edwin Black, Second paperback edition 2012, page 121, ISBN 978-0-914153-29-0.

[21] IBID.

[22] “The DNA Revolution – A Vision Of The Future,” Steven I. Friedland, The Case For Innocence, FRONTLINE, PBS, Retrieved 6/22/2015. http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/case/revolution/reimagining.html

[23] “Wiring the Brain: GATTACA and the coming future of genetic screening,” Kevin Mitchell, 5/14/2012, Retrieved 6/23/2015. http://www.wiringthebrain.com/2012/05/gattaca-and-coming-future-of-genetic.html

More than a half century ago, famed writer C.S. Lewis warned about how science (a good thing) could be twisted in order to attack religion, undermine ethics, and limit human freedom. Lewis lived during the era of scientific eugenics, and saw first hand its horrors.

In this documentary “The Magician’s Twin: C.S. Lewis and the Case Against Scientism,” leading scholars explore Lewis’s prophetic warnings about the abuse of science and how Lewis’s concerns are increasingly relevant for us today.

Quote from C.S. Lewis:

“I dread government in the name of science. That is how tyrannies come in.”

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33080,"by Chris Kresser [1]

The Healthy Skeptic [2]

Excerpts:

[Coconut milk] is high in saturated fatty acids and medium-chain triglycerides (MCT), which are both easily burned as fuel by the body. MCTs are particularly beneficial in that they don’t require bile acids for digestion, and they’re directly shunted to the liver via the portal vein.

So what could be wrong with coconut milk? Here are three things to consider.

Bisphenol-A

Bisphenol-A (BPA) is a chemical that has been used in consumer goods since the 50s. It’s found in reusable drink containers, DVDs, cell phones, eyeglass lenses, automobile parts and sports equipment. One of the highest sources of BPA is cash register receipts.

We’ve known for decades that BPA has estrogenic activity. In vivo animal studies and in vitro cell-culture research has linked low-level estrogenic activity associated with BPA exposure to all kinds of fun stuff, like diabetes, ADHD, heart disease, infertility and cancer.

Is BPA exposure common? You bet. This CDC report found BPA in the urine of 93% of adults [3]. Perhaps most troubling is that companies like Nestle, Similac, Enfamil and PBM all use BPA in the linings of metal cans [4] holding baby formula. This is scary in light of a recent study [5] which found an association between neurobehavioral problems in infants and high levels of BPA in their mothers.

Okay, back to coconut milk. BPA is used in the lining of certain canned foods. BPA especially leaches into canned foods that are acidic, salty or fatty, such as coconut milk, tomatoes, soup, and vegetables.

Coconut milk can also be made quite easily at home, with coconut flakes, a blender and cheesecloth. Here’s a video to show you how [6] (get a load of the soundtrack). I find that blanching the coconut flakes prior to blending improves the results.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpxPoizVT9c&hd=1

Guar gum

The other potential problem with canned coconut milk is guar gum. Guar gum is a galactomannan, which is a polysaccharide consisting of a mannose backbone with a galactose side group. It’s primarily the endosperm of guar beans.

Beans and legumes have a variety of compounds in them that make them difficult to digest, especially for people with digestive problems (1 in 3 Americans, from the latest statistics).

In my clinical experience, many patients with gut issues improve when they remove guar gum from their diet – including canned coconut milk.

Read the full article here: http://thehealthyskeptic.org/3-reasons-why-coconut-milk-may-not-be-your-friend [2]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32958,"by Brian Shilhavy

Editor, Health Impact News

If you live in the United States of America today, and you have children in your home under the age of 18, every day you are in danger of losing your children to the State through medical kidnapping. Something as simple as bringing your child to the local emergency room to care for an injury or sickness puts you at risk for being accused of medically abusing or neglecting your child, and having a doctor direct a social worker to remove the child or children from your custody by force.

Since launching MedicalKidnap.com in late 2014, we have published dozens of such stories where parents lost custody of their child or children, simply because a medical professional deemed them unworthy parents. Medical kidnapping is defined as the State taking away children from their parents and putting them into State custody and the foster care system, simply because the parents did not agree with a doctor regarding their prescribed medical treatment for the family. In some cases it is as simple as telling a doctor you are going to seek a second opinion on a suggested medical procedure, and then ending up being charged with “medical abuse” and losing your children.

Medical kidnapping is part of a larger problem of State-sponsored child kidnapping. State-sponsored kidnapping is where the State steps in and decides that they know what is best for a child or group of children within a family, and then removes the children without any formal charges being brought against the parents. The parents lose their children immediately, often without any warrant being issued by a judge. They are assumed guilty by social services of something worthy of losing their children, usually with no formal charges filed in a court of law, and no trial by a jury of peers as is afforded by the Constitution of the United States of America. They must spend significant resources to try and get their children back from a family court system that is cloaked in secrecy with little to no accountability. Sometimes the parents are able to get their children back, but sometimes they do not, and the children are adopted out. Even in the instances where the children are allowed to return home to their parents, they are severely traumatized.

Therefore, much of what we describe and document in this article can also be applied to State-sponsored kidnappings in general, and not just medical kidnapping.

While we have published over 400 articles on the medical kidnapping issue in just a little over a year’s time, we have good reason to believe that the family stories we have published represent but a mere fraction of the tragic stories currently happening all across America today. Every day heart-broken parents contact us looking for help, but very few are willing to go public with their stories. They fear the State, because they hold their children, and they want to believe that if they just do what the State tells them to do, they will get their children back. Usually the ones willing to go public have already spent many weeks or months fighting a corrupt system, one that has little to no accountability, and they have given up hope. They want the public to know their story. They want to warn others. When they do go public, the judge over their case in family court usually issues a gag order against them. Many attorneys around the country have stated that these gag orders are unconstitutional.

Also, since we are one of the few news organizations to tackle this issue, many have now also started to come to us with adult medical kidnapping issues, including the kidnapping of seniors and the seizure of their assets to cover medical expenses. We are beginning to investigate and report on these stories as well.

Medical Kidnapping is Real

We have been covering medical kidnapping stories at Health Impact News since the year Health Impact News started, in 2011. The first stories we published were stories that were originally published by local mainstream media in the communities where the medical kidnappings allegedly occurred. Here are a few of the original stories we covered before MedicalKidnap.com was started.

The Godboldo Family of Detroit

In 2011 we were one of the first national media outlets to cover the Maryanne Godboldo story, which was first picked up by the local Detroit Free Press [2]. Maryanne Godboldo, a Detroit homeschooling mother who refused to give her child powerful anti-psychotic drugs after she was developmentally disabled due to vaccine injuries, refused to give up her daughter to Child Protection Services, so they called in a SWAT team and had Maryanne arrested, and seized her daughter. You can read the entire story here [3]. It was one of our top stories in 2011.

Maryanne Godboldo’s story is told in the following video:

This long protracted legal battle, which has resulted in the child being reunited with her mother and all charges against the mother dropped, would not have been possible without Attorney Allison Folmar.

In January of 2016, the Michigan Court of Appeals reversed her dismissal and remanded the matter back to the district court. So her legal battle continues.

The Nikolayev Family of Sacramento

The second major medical kidnapping story that Health Impact News covered was in 2013, the story of the Nikolayev family in Sacramento. This story came to our attention only because local media in Sacramento picked it up, and it was highly publicized.

Anna and Alex Nikolayev’s baby Sammy was seized by Child Protection Services, with the help of local law enforcement, simply because they took their baby to a different hospital to get a second opinion about heart surgery. The entire incident where the child was removed by force was captured on video:

In the unedited video above, the entire incident of Child Protective Services and the Sacramento Police using force to take away Anna and Alex Nikolayev’s baby is recorded. Anna and Alex had received poor care for their baby at a local hospital, and when the hospital wanted to do heart surgery on their infant, they wanted a second opinion and took the baby to a different hospital.

The first hospital did not approve of this and did not discharge the child. Therefore, they called Child Protection Services. The parents, meanwhile, had taken the baby to a second hospital, where the child was discharged that night by a physician, since there was no immediate danger, and the surgery was not imminent.

But, the next day, Child Protection Services and the Sacramento Police showed up at the parents’ home to take away their baby. The husband was outside at the time, and he was forced to the ground so that the police could enter the home by force. The mother, seeing what was happening outside, set up the camera to record the whole incident (see video above). The social workers would not even tell the mother where they were taking the baby.

The police took the baby out of the mother’s arms by force, and only after the social workers had already left with the baby did they allow the mother to show the hospital documents showing that their baby was properly discharged by a physician from the second hospital. The police did not seem to care what the facts were at all, and gave full authority to CPS to remove the child. (Full story here [4].)

Since the father is a Russian national, this incident caused an international uproar. Russia accused the United States of abusing the couple’s human rights. Diplomats were sent to attend the hearing in Sacramento. (Full story here [6].)

Here is Fox News covering the story:

The Rider Family of Kansas City

[7]

Michelle Rider and her 16-year-old son, Isaiah Rider, traveled from Kansas City to Lurie Children’s Hospital in Chicago after doctors in her hometown, Texas, and Boston were unable to effectively treat his neurofibromatosis — a painful condition that causes tumors to grow on his nerves. When Isaiah’s pain was reportedly not getting any better at Lurie’s, his mother attempted to have him transferred to another hospital. But doctors at Lurie’s Hospital reported to Cook County Court that Michelle was guilty of “medical child abuse”, as they disagreed with the course of treatment chosen by the mother. As a result, they seized custody of Isaiah and put him into a foster home in a rough neighborhood in Chicago, where he claims he was sexually abused.

We only knew about this story because the local media in Kansas City picked up the story. Learn more about Isaiah Rider’s story [8] which continues today.

Justina Pelletier and Boston Children’s Hospital

In 2013 and 2014, Justina Pelletier became a national symbol for children and families all across America who have gone through legal medical kidnapping. The Pelletier family is from Connecticut, and a local reporter from Connecticut, Beau Berman [9], first reported on the story.

When Justina was finally released from State custody after national outrage, Justina and her family traveled to Washington D.C. to promote “Justina’s Law [10],” a bipartisan bill proposed to end medical research on children. She received a standing ovation [11] from members of Congress.

Justina was taken away from her parents by force at the age of 15, and held for over a year as Boston Children’s Hospital kept her confined in their psych ward. They disagreed with the family’s doctor over her diagnosis, and had the state’s “child protection” social service agency seize custody of her away from her parents, against her will and the will of her parents. What ensued was a long legal battle to get their daughter back, that probably only ended positively because her story went viral and was picked up by the national mainstream media. This because her father refused to obey a court-directed gag order and went to the media with their story. Media heavyweights such as Dr. Phil, Mike Huckabee, and Glenn Beck picked up her story.

Here is a plea Justina made herself to Governor Patrick and Judge Johnston just before she was finally released:

For many Americans, Justina’s story was their first exposure to the medical kidnapping issue, since it was reported so widely by national media personalities. However, Justina’s case was neither unique nor rare, and what happened to her and her family has happened to many thousands of other children and families all across the United States.

Other stories that Health Impact News reported on because other media outlets first reported the stories include:

MedicalKidnap.com is Born

Late in 2014, Health Impact News was receiving so many reports from parents who were telling us their stories about how their children were being medically kidnapped, that we started a separate website just to document their stories. Most of them had no where else to go, as they did not have the advantage of any local media picking up their story. Many of the stories that we began to publish on behalf of the families were originally reported by us, and then later picked up by local mainstream media after the story went viral on the Internet and through social media.

The Diegel Sisters of Phoenix

[17]

In a case bearing several similarities to Justina Pelletier’s family’s experience with Boston Children’s Hospital, and Isaiah Rider’s family’s experience with Lurie Children’s Hospital in Chicago, 10 and 12 year old sisters were seized by Phoenix Children’s Hospital over a medical dispute. The mother was reportedly ordered to not discuss the case with anyone, and forced to take down YouTube videos and a Facebook Page with over 3000 followers that was documenting the actions of Child Protection Services and doctors at Phoenix Children’s Hospital.

Kayla and Hannah Diegel suffer from congenital disorder of glycosylation, (CDG, a form of mitochondrial disease.) Part of their condition is also suffering with “Gastroparesis,” which is a partially paralyzed stomach. As a result, they were fed through feeding tubes to bypass the stomach.

During the course of their treatment, the girls’ family doctor’s clinic of eight years, Estrella Mountain Medical Group, suddenly sent a letter to the parents instructing them to transfer the girls to the care of Phoenix Children’s Hospital Special Needs Clinic. They bounced between several different doctors at PCH, but they were all in the field of genetics. It was during this time that the girls were diagnosed with “congenital disorder of glycosylation” (CDG).

Unknown to the parents at the time, there was funding and drug trials going on for this rare condition. The article on the Facebook Page reports: “The glycosylation trial whose collaborative agreement is through NHGRI/ TGEN opened up on March 14th, 2014, just 3 weeks before the two Phoenix sisters were medically kidnapped.”

The mother reportedly began to suspect that something was going on, as she reviewed the medical records and medications her daughters were receiving. She requested that the care of her daughters be transferred to another doctor “due to his neglect and endangerment of younger daughter i.e., not returning phone calls, ignoring her severe pain and documented bowel impaction being treated from home by registered nurses, under his supervision.”

Shortly after this, in April of 2014, the hospital took custody of both daughters away from the family through CPS. Read the original story here [17]. Health Impact News was ordered by the court in Arizona, via Melissa Diegel, to remove their story (Health Impact News did not comply.) Here are some public statements made by Melissa Diegel prior to the court issuing a gag order on her.

Babies Taken Away from Parents Right After they are Born

Some of the most tragic stories we have covered are from families who lose their babies to CPS and medical authorities right after they are born, often before they can even bring them home from the hospital, and before the parents could even have a chance of being accused of “abusing” their children. And these are not situations where the parents were using drugs and drugs were detected in the babies. Here are a few of those tragic stories:

Here are a few more stories we have covered on MedicalKidnap.com, listed by state:

Alabama

Alaska

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Illinois

[51]

Indiana

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana

Maine

Maryland

Massachusetts

Michigan

Missouri

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma

Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Washington

Does the State Ever Have a “Right” to Remove Children from a Home?

When publishing stories of medical kidnappings, invariably we will get the response: “There must be another side to the story.” Indeed, there is always “another side to the story,” but often what is implied by making such a statement is that the State does not simply remove children from parents without good reason.

We will address some of the reasons why the State is motivated to remove children from the custody of their parents, but first, consider the question: Does the state EVER have a “right” to remove children from a home?

Most people would answer “yes”, there are certain situations where it is correct for the State to remove children from their parents, in situations where the children need to be protected.

However, I would like to suggest that the Constitution of the United States of America protects the rights of individuals and families, and that it is never lawful for social services to remove a child from their biological parents, taking them out of their home and making them a ward of the State, removing legal custody from their parents. This is particularly true when neither the parents nor the children request or desire such action.

As soon we give the State authority to decide who are good parents, and who are bad parents, we have moved away from the principles of the Constitution of the United States of America, which was written to protect individual liberties, not give more power to the State. Historically, deciding who are “good parents” and who “deserves” to keep custody of their children, has not been a function of the State. It is a recent development in our nation’s history.

In almost all of the medical kidnapping stories we have covered, no formal criminal charges are ever brought against the parents. Child protection services today has so much power, that they can literally remove children from homes simply on the “tip” of an anonymous phone call. Suspected criminals who are charged with things like murder, rape, and terrorism are afforded more legal rights in the criminal justice system today than parents are, when social services removes their children, assuming they are guilty, and then forces the parents to prove their innocence in family or juvenile court.

Certainly children who are suffering in their homes from abuse should be protected. But by whom? Statistics show that across the spectrum, in every state in the U.S., that foster care children fare worse in foster care than they do in the care of their “abusive” parents. Foster children suffer from drug abuse, sexual abuse, physical harm, and many other crimes at a much higher rate than children who are left with their biological parents.

Consider the case of alleged abuse in other cases where children are not involved. For example, if there were a complaint by a woman against an alleged “abusive” husband or partner; who would be removed from the home by law enforcement if an investigation warranted it? Would the alleged victim, in this case the woman making the complaint, be the one removed from the home?

Of course not! The person the complaint was filed against would be removed, all the while having their Constitutional rights protected, by arresting them, reading their Miranda rights, and bringing them before a judge to face the charges. The alleged victim would remain in the home. That is the legal process.

But this due process of law is not followed with social services and local law enforcement when they remove children from their homes. In these cases, the alleged victims are removed from the home (the children), while the alleged abusers (the parents) are left in the home, and in most cases with no criminal charges filed.

This is a clear violation of the Constitution and a family’s civil rights. So why is it happening?

There are multiple reasons why this is happening, but they are very easy to understand.

First, when the due process of the law is followed to arrest someone, hold them in confinement, bring them before a judge to press charges, and then follow the judicial process of bringing about a “speedy trial,” all of these actions are a burden to the state. In other words, it costs money.

When children are taken into State custody, however, they become an asset to the State. What this means is that all the child’s expenses are now paid via federal funds, including medical costs via Medicaid. There are also federal funds in place for foster care. The longer a child remains in State custody, the more funds that state can collect.

For more information on this issue, see:

Motivations for State Sponsored Kidnappings

Let’s take a brief overview now on the motivations States have to take custody of children against the will of their parents.

The Medical Kidnapping Business: Bilking Medicaid

One of the main reasons this terrible practice goes on in virtually all 50 states is because every child who is taken away from their parents by social service agencies like CPS (Child Protection Services), immediately becomes a ward of the state, and the state can bill Medicaid for ALL of that child’s medical costs.

CPS (or the equivalent state social services agency) does not even need a warrant or court order to seize custody in all 50 states, they just need a complaint of abuse. And doctors are quick to issue them if they feel their medical advice is not being followed, or the parents want to take their child out of their care to seek a second opinion. Once the medical kidnapping occurs, the family is left to fight it out in Family Court to try to get their children back.

So consider the scenario where a child has a rare genetic disease, and comes into a healthcare facility for treatment. The doctors are limited to only those procedures covered by the patient’s insurance company, and to drugs already approved by the FDA. But if the child becomes a ward of the state, they can bill Medicaid for all medical costs, and current laws allow them to conduct medical trials on the child. There are currently over 100,000 drug trials nationwide for new pediatric drugs.

WSOCTV in Charlotte [96], N.C. recently reported on a huge Medicaid fraud scheme within the Department of Social Services. A woman working for the Mecklenburg County Department of Social Services was collecting names of children who were NOT wards of the state and selling them to the head of a non-profit organization called Peaceful Alternative Resources which offers mental health and mentoring services. The child protection social worker allegedly received $$10,000 in exchange for the names of 25 children.

Ronnie Robinson, the head of this organization, pleaded guilty to health care fraud after scheming to defraud Medicaid of $$3.4 million in fraudulent reimbursement payments from false claims.

To learn more about the State’s benefits from Medicaid when children are placed into foster care, see:

Medical Kidnapping Business: Judges Skirting the Law for Federal Funds

The Defend Parental Authority in Arizona [98] Facebook Page released a video clip from the Arizona Judicial Branch government website [99]. It is from their Dependency Video Series training Family Court Judges on how to handle Dependency cases in family court. Judge Aimee Anderson and Judge Mark Brain of Maricopa County are giving a presentation in this clip that instructs judges how to handle cases brought to family court by CPS.

It appears from this video that the first concern of the family courts is not justice, but federal funding. Judge Brain makes it clear that if they do not remove the child from the parent immediately, they will lose federal funding. Quote:

If you are removing a child, in a Contrary to the Welfare finding, that order is mandatory. If you do not make that finding whenever you remove that child from a placement, you’re forfeiting federal funds… The federal government says that if you did not make that (decision) right at the outset the first time through, you’re not going to get any federal money for those services, ever… CPS is going to have a kid they cannot pay for.

As we have pointed above, a child taken into state custody can have all of their medical care billed directly to Medicaid, and this alone represents an industry worth hundreds of millions of dollars nationwide. There are other funds also available for programs like foster care. Obviously, children with medical needs present the greatest amount of federal funds the state can receive per child.

So what if the child was removed unnecessarily? What if the child actually was NOT in danger with the parents? Is it the responsibility of the family court judge to find out?

Apparently not. Here is what Judge Brain said:

What happens then when a majority of the removal team under (section) 8-822 doesn’t agree with the removal? Is the remedy to dismiss the dependency in these kinds of cases? (someone in the classroom can be heard on the video actually saying “Yes it is.”) My answer is “no.” And the reason is that there are two ways to remove a child. CPS, yes, can go in and grab them… The second way is upon order of the court children can be removed.

Judge Brain makes it clear that his order even supersedes CPS if they are uncomfortable removing the child. If the parents don’t like it, according to Judge Brain, they can fight it out in Civil Court and pay a lot of money.

So is this training video for judges in Arizona designed to carry out their oath and seek justice for protecting families, or to fill their quota of children that need to become wards of the state to receive federal funds to pay everyone’s salaries and benefits?

Medical Kidnapping: Billion Dollar Adoption Business

Fertility rates in the United States are at an all-time low. As John P. Thomas has reported in his article, Are GMO Foods, Vaccines, and Big Pharma Producing an Infertile Generation? [101], fertility rates are plummeting:

The U.S. fertility rate fell to another record low in 2012, with 63.0 births per 1,000 women ages 15 to 44 years old, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That’s down slightly from the previous low of 63.2 in 2011. It marked the fifth year in a row the U.S. birth rate has declined, and the lowest rate on record since the government started tracking the fertility rate in 1909. For five years now, America’s teen birth rate has plummeted at an unprecedented rate, falling faster and faster. Between 2007 and 2013, the number of babies born to teens annually fell by 38.4 percent, according to research firm Demographic Intelligence. This drop occurred in tandem with steep declines in the abortion rate. A few years ago, statistics from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention put the number of women having difficulty conceiving at approximately 10 percent—roughly 1 in 10. Now, using results from this newest survey [reported in 2013], that number appears to be closer to 16 percent—1 in every 6 couples. (Full Article [101].)

Add to this the growing list of states that are legalizing same-sex marriages adding more couples unable to conceive children, and it is easy to see that the adoption business is growing due to increased demand.

Many reports [102] have been published documenting how children who are wards of the State are taking many more prescription drugs than those living with their families. Foster parents or parents of adopted children are often required to administer these drugs whether they agree or not. The medical institution also has the legal right to use these children in drug experiments.

[102]

The adoption business is a multi-billion dollar business. For more information, see:

Other Motivations for State-sponsored Kidnapping of Children

There are other more terrible reasons why children are removed from parents and put into the foster care system, besides just the financial motivations. They include medical drug trials where children are needed and where parents and insurance companies would not approve, and the lucrative child sex trafficking business. We will cover these topics in future articles.

The Corruption of Child Protection Services

The corruption of CPS, which is growing, has been well documented since the late 1990s. As I have mentioned, these kinds of stories of children being seized away from loving parents for simply disagreeing with a doctor, or choosing one doctor over another, are not new. They have been happening for quite a while. The only thing that is new is that local and national media are starting to bring these tragic stories to the general public.

If you search for documentation of these kinds of abuses being carried out by CPS, you will find several books that have been published:

[104]

This book by Brenda Scott was published way back in 1994, and one of the first ones to blow the whistle on this out-of-control agency. Description from Amazon.com:

This book of her stories is true. The deplorable and unauthorized might of Child Protective Services is capable of reaching into and destroying any home in America. No matter how innocent and happy your family may be, you are one accusation away from disaster.

[105]

by Deborah K. Frontiera – Description from Amazon.com:

Proving Innocence chronicles thirteen months of agony and frustration suffered by the innocent Bonilla and Frontiera families as a result of Children’s Protective Services removal of young James Bonilla from his parents. Most people are not prepared to navigate the maze of sometimes senseless procedures of a government agency that has too much power. The Frontiera and Bonilla story and reports of several other cases across the country should be a wake-up call to a public unaware of how the state agencies charged with protecting the nation’s children are failing. Interviews with lawyers, caseworkers, and others who work within the system, point out specific steps that should be taken to improve how these agencies work. The author issues a call to action from the public to charge all levels of government to make necessary changes in these agencies. They must protect children from abuse and neglect without persecuting innocent families.

[106]

by Dr. Eric D. Keefer D.D. – Description from Amazon.com:

Corruption abounds, the system created to protect, assist, and enable children and families is now their worst enemy. Bribery has been legalized. Kick-backs and pay-offs don’t create conflict of interests, they they take the children from innocent families and the pay-offs with impunity. They act and take actions with no regard for the constitutions of the states or the nation. “All Men are equal before the law” was written for a reason, decided for a reason, and part of our legal system for a reason. It is time that “we the people” and the workers inside the CPS-DFCS and “Family Court” system are again…equal before the law.

[107]

by Mary Callahan – Description from Amazon.com:

Mary Callahan never planned on writing a book about her experiences as a foster parent. She had only one goal as a parent, to help the children in her care. But as she learned their stories, it became painfully clear that the Child Welfare System had no sincere regard for the welfare of children. Callahan realized the only way to truly help the children was to tell their stories.

Written from the unique perspective of a foster parent, Memoirs of a Baby Stealer chronicles Callahan’s experiences with five foster children, shedding light on the inadequacies of the Child Welfare System in this country. As the author explains, “They are taking kids from places that aren’t that bad, putting them in places that aren’t that good, and completely ignoring the bond that exists between parent and child.”

This is just a sampling of the titles published on the corrupt CPS agency. There are many more.

Congresswoman Nancy Schaefer

One Congresswoman who tried to take action against the corruption and abuses within the CPS back in 2007 was Nancy Schaefer from Georgia.

Congresswoman Schaefer lost her Senate seat in Georgia as a result of her speaking out against the corruption within CPS, but states it was something “worth losing” for standing up for the rights of parents who were having their children kidnapped by CPS. She and her husband were found murdered in their home in 2010. You can read her report on CPS from 2007 here: http://fightcps.com/pdf/TheCorruptBusinessOfChildProtectiveServices.pdf [108]. Below is a recorded video from before her death.

Former CPS Investigator Becomes Whistleblower

Why has this government agency become so corrupt? The answer is simple: the foster care system is a $$29.4 billion dollar industry.

The right to legal counsel, your Miranda rights, and the right to a speedy jury trial are American rights protected by our Constitution. But not in family court, where a single judge can decide whether or not you are a fit parent. CPS has more power today than the police, sheriff, or FBI, as they can come into your home and remove your child without a search warrant or court order. Someone who doesn’t like you, for any reason, can make a phone call and provide an anonymous “tip” with the result of you losing your children.

Carlos Morales is a former CPS investigator, and in the video below, titled “Foster Homes: Where Good Kids Go To Die,” he exposes the seedy underworld of foster homes in the United States, where children are routinely abused physically, emotionally, and sexually.

Some statistics revealed in the video show that foster kids are:

7-8 times more likely to be abused

more likely to end up homeless with nearly half becoming homeless at the age of 18

3 times more likely to be put on psychotropic drugs

7 times more likely to develop an eating disorder

more likely to have PTSD than veterans of war and less likely to recover from that PTSD

more likely to become pregnant as a teenager

20% more likely to be arrested

6 times more likely to die

than if they stayed in an abusive household. (Research and citation here [109].)

So what is the solution to this problem? Actually, it is a rather simple one.

Abolish Government Funding that Allows the Government to Usurp Parental Authority

The solution to the problem is to abolish all federal and state funding to Child Protection Services. This one simple act would solve most of the problems. States lose federal funds if they don’t meet a certain quota of children placed into foster care, and if the federal funding dried up, there would be no motivation whatsoever to take children away from parents. The state agencies would cease to exist.

Some will complain that children who are legitimately abused by their parents will suffer. But as Carlos Morales clearly explains in the video above, children need to be protected from CPS and the corrupt foster care system, more than they do from their natural parents.

This abuse of power and abuse of children has gone on for far too long. While I applaud Michele Bachmann and other members of Congress for putting forth a bill to end medical experimentation on children who are wards of the State, the real problem is CPS. This agency needs to be abolished immediately, because it is CPS and the respective state agencies that are being used by the medical system to seize children and use them in drug trials.

There are already laws in place to protect children from abusive parents. CPS has no authority to arrest parents or seize children. They need to use local law enforcement, and this is currently done with no warrant, no court order, no trial.

This needs to stop! Parents deserve the same Constitutional rights in respect to their children that all other members of society enjoy. Current law enforcement agencies in place at the local level can handle complaints against bad parents the same way they do against any other criminals. And the foster care system, where there are undoubtedly many fine people, can be turned over to private agencies where corruption due to massive federal funding can be eliminated.

Until this happens, however, the U.S. will continue to be one of the most dangerous places in the world for children to live, and parents will constantly be in fear of taking their child to a doctor or health professional, for fear that they may lose their children if they disagree with someone in the powerful pharmaceutical industry, where corruption and criminal activity is also rampant.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com [110]

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

[111]

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here! [111]

[112]

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here! [111]

Also available as eBook:

[113]

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43858,"by Kirk Durston

Evolution News and Views

Perhaps the greatest leap of blind, uncritical and unquestioning faith that I see among well-educated people today is something called scientism. Scientism is the belief that science is the best and only trustworthy method to discover truth. Supernatural explanations are a priori ruled out. The result is atheism dressed up as science.

There are two major problems.

First, a distinguished philosopher of science, Philip Kitcher, argues that the notion of a scientific “theory of everything” is an “absurd fantasy.” The claim that science is the best and only trustworthy way to discover truth is, itself, not a scientific claim but a philosophical one. Thus, scientism is self-refuting from the outset, as the Skeptic’s Dictionary and many others have pointed out.

A much more serious consequence of scientism is that it has had a significant corrupting influence on 21st-century science.

Example one: Good science reveals that nature, composed of space, time, matter, and energy, had a beginning. Scientism requires a natural explanation for the origin of nature, a logical impossibility. One cannot provide a natural explanation for the origin of nature without assuming the existence of nature in that “natural” explanation — a circular fallacy. The result is a variety of arcane string, multiverse, and other theories that have been conflated with science but are now being exposed as fantasyand a threat to the integrity of physics.

Example two: A few years ago I was visiting with a razor-minded, atheist professor of biology at one of Canada’s top-ranked universities. In the course of our conversation, he expressed great frustration over how rampant creative storytelling has become in the field of evolutionary biology, to fill in for what he believes is the colossal failure of neo-Darwinian theory to explain the large-scale diversity of life. Nevertheless, motivated by scientism/atheism, Darwinism is the only game in town. Thus the lack of empirical data and an increasing number of serious problems with the Darwinian account are compensated for by creative storytelling and a profound lack of critical thinking, as Jerry Fodor and Massimo Piattelli-Palmarini point out.

To avoid the circular fallacy, logic dictates that the cause of nature must be beyond nature. That, right there, falsifies scientism but it also establishes the requirement that the supernatural must be taken into account in humanity’s pursuit of answers — not just with respect to the origin of the cosmos and of life, but in discussions of justice, beauty, morality, love, and honor.

Knowledge is an interconnected latticework of information and understanding, each facet of which influences and sheds light on other aspects. Scientism lobotomizes the quest for knowledge by turning a blind eye to God and the supernatural. It corrupts science with fantasy, countless just-so stories and promissory notes as to what we “may” discover in the future, all to make up for the absence of real data.

Unfortunately, most people fail to distinguish between good science, bad science, science fiction, and scientism. In their minds it is all rolled into “science,” the result of which is the increasing corruption of 21st-century science.

See Also:

————————————————————————————–

More than a half century ago, famed writer C.S. Lewis warned about how science (a good thing) could be twisted in order to attack religion, undermine ethics, and limit human freedom. Lewis lived during the era of scientific eugenics, and saw first hand its horrors.

In this documentary “The Magician’s Twin: C.S. Lewis and the Case Against Scientism,” leading scholars explore Lewis’s prophetic warnings about the abuse of science and how Lewis’s concerns are increasingly relevant for us today.

Quote from C.S. Lewis:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32415,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

One wonders how bad it must get before more wake up to vaccine dangers and the right to refuse vaccinations. There is a terrible axis of evil: the vaccine industry, government, and media, within our shores. It’s getting its evil act together in California with the passage of SB277 and soon with SB792.

It’s almost axiomatic that California sets most socioeconomic trends for the rest of the country. Concurrently, 35 states have had similar legislative proposals considered. So we all need to be very concerned about the passage of SB277 and SB792.

SB277 is the bill made into law by Big Pharma California legislative sycophants and Governor Jerry Brown. Basically, it mandates compliance for all children to be up to date on ten of the CDC “recommended” vaccinations, six of which are grouped into two *three in one packages:

* DTaP – (diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis/whooping cough)



Hemophilus influenzae b



* Measles, mumps, rubella or MMR



Polio



Varicella (chicken pox)



Hepatitis B

Thanks to overwhelming mainstream media support, way too many are on board with this madness. The Disney measles non-epidemic false scare has made an impact to confuse the public enough for this axis of evil to thrive.

California Senators Richard Pan and Ben Allen along with Assembly member Lorena Gonzalez were considered the authors of SB277, but it was actually drafted by vaccine industry lobbyists who even coached the legislators through the presentation process.

The vaccine lobby was also allegedly generous with its campaign contributions. Sources have reported that state senator and pediatrician Pan received $$95,000 from Merck and other vaccine makers.

The current status of gathering enough signatures for a referendum to place SB277 on the public ballot and give informed citizens a chance to vote for repealing it is unknown as of this writing.

Increase in Mercury-Containing Vaccines to be Administered to Children and Pregnant Women in California

In California in 2004, AB 2943 was introduced by the California Assembly and passed, going into effect in 2006.

Flu vaccine mercury limits were more liberal with allowances of 1.0 microgram of mercury per 0.5 milligrams as preservatives.

Considered a precautionary measure, it prohibited injections to children under three and pregnant women with vaccines containing 0.5 micrograms of mercury per 0.5 milliliter of vaccine dose in multiple vaccine packages such as the DTaP three in one vaccines, DT vaccine, Hib, and Meningococcal vaccines.

The FDA changed the rules so vaccine manufacturers do not have to include thimerosal on the label as an ingredient unless it is used as a preservative. According to the FDA, if thimerosal is used in the manufacturing process but it is not used as a preservative, the vaccine can be labeled “thimerosal-free” [1] when that is not the case.

Many experts consider mercury unsafe at any level, especially when injected. But even worse, a loophole was written into AB 2943 that allowed an exemption to the law granted by the governor and the California Health and Human Services.

The spirit of AB 2943 was evidently intended for major epidemics and serious emergencies to drop the restrictions completely if there was a shortage of vaccines that complied with those restrictions.

That law states the exemption can be granted only “if there is an epidemic, vaccine shortage, or other public health emergency.”

The California Immunization Coalition (CIC), a quasi-public agency, sent a letter to the Secretary of the California Health and Human Services requesting the exemption be exercised for this flu season because there is a shortage of flu vaccines, especially the nasal mist vaccine Fluzone, manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur. Here’s that letter. [2]

The CIC is at least partially funded by NACCHO, The National Association of County and City Health Officials. It seems like a front group is funding another front group. According to the Mom Street Journal, NACCHO is a “Big Pharma wolf in sheep’s clothing.” [3]

Despite listing every local health department as members, NACCHO’s membership dues from health departments only accounted for $$2.6 million in 2014 compared to $$23 million in contributions and grants from several vaccine industry connected individuals and foundations.

Concerned California activists allegedly reached Sanofi by phone twice recently and were told there is no shortage of the Fluzone vaccine that complies completely with California’s AB 2943.

So why the rush to use flu vaccines with high levels of thimerosal?

Last year’s flu shot was almost a total failure, if there is actually any success at all with this vaccine that has to change every year based on guessing the seasonal virus each year. The CDC admitted there was only a 19% effective rate. Why increase risk without benefits?

The normally thimerosal loaded flu vaccines are responsible for the most adverse reactions to the CDC’s Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting Service (VAERS). Especially high among adverse flu shot events were miscarriages from pregnant women [4] and Guillian Barre’ Syndrome (GBS) [5] among adults and children, which manifests as partial and/or total paralysis.

Most knowledgeable health experts estimate only one to ten percent of adverse events are reported. VAERS does not legally enforce health practitioners to report in the USA.

Of course, the practitioners prefer being in denial with the damage they cause with vaccinations. Most parents or adult vaccine injured victims don’t even know that VAERS exists.

Considering a median five percent report rate, multiplying the actual recorded reports by 20 may reveal the real picture on vaccine injuries.

Meanwhile the CDC uses the few that are actually reported to give their “one in a million” statistical impressions of risk to benefit with vaccines. The reality is that with any risk for a vaccine that’s intended for minor diseases that are usually easily overcome to render lifelong immunity, there must be a choice.

So called immunization from vaccination is simply an antibody reaction to antigen, which can occur from any poison. Even the medical establishment and the CDC admit vaccinations don’t confer lifelong immunity.

That’s why they recommend booster shots. Many recent childhood disease outbreaks of measles, mumps, and whooping cough (pertussis) were among highly vaccinated populations.

Yet twisted logic from the extremist pro-vaccine crowd blames these outbreaks on the minority of those not vaccinated. They can’t have it both ways. If vaccines work, those vaccinated shouldn’t be affected.

But viral shedding from vaccinations with attenuated live viruses can and does infect others. The risks of vaccinations do outweigh the benefits.

Most of these extremist vaccination groups are connected to the vaccine industry, which has grossed over $$48 billion worldwide this past year compared to $$12 billion in 2005. [3] In 2012, five vaccine makers grossed 90 percent of all worldwide vaccine sales. They were GlaxoSmithKline, Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, and Sanofi.

Big Pharma’s vaccine departments are protected from liability in the USA by the “vaccine court” system established in 1986, the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP).

The claims are decided on and paid by the The U.S. Court of Federal Claims. There is no jury, but there are some lawyers who specialize in making the cases for claimants. The money for settlements comes from a pool of 75 cent surcharge taxes for each vaccine sold by the industry.

Some speculate federal tax money is also involved. A three vaccine in one shot such as the MMR would require a $$2.25 surcharge tax, which is probably covered within the price of each MMR sold. Prior to the VICP’s establishment, there were several individual law suits awarded for vaccine damages amounting to millions of dollars.

Like most settlements, those awarded are prevented from disclosing the details of their cases with the threat of losing that award. That could be the loss of money for a lifetime of medical expenses for a vaccine injured child.

Apparently, the VICP is no longer posting awards on its website, according to investigative [6] journalist Sharyl Attkisson [6]. The claims have rapidly risen and it’s bad PR for current national vaccination pushes.

Without liability damage threats, the vaccine industry’s overhead is greatly reduced. It is considerably less than other pharmaceutical products already due to less stringent trial requirements, which may be reduced further with the passage of the 21st Century Cures Act.

The ease with which the vaccine industry gets support from the mainstream media and government agencies further motivates creating more vaccines for everything imaginable and finding more ways to expand their market place with legislative actions.

California SB 792 Requires Adults to get the Flu Shot as a Condition of Employment

SB 792 has passed both the California Assembly (state congress) and the state’s Senate. It’s on Governor Brown’s desk awaiting a signature. According to the Coalition for Vaccine Choice, if he doesn’t sign it by the deadline date of 11 October 2015, it becomes law anyway.

Here’s the main mandate: SB 792 requires all adults working as employees or volunteers in preschool programs and day care centers receive annual flu shots as well as the DTaP and MMR. Both of those last two three in one vaccines equal six vaccines in two shots.

Coming back to the issue of mercury in flu shots, pregnant women involved with childcare facilities will be required to risk their health and the health of their unborn with thimerosal loaded flu shots.

According to VaxTruth.org, thimerosal contains 49.5% mercury. Getting rid of it comes under the EPA’s rules and standards of handling toxic waste. It can’t be just thrown away in the trash. It has to be handled by certified toxic waste disposal groups, such as Clean Harbors, which issued this press release in 2010:

“Clean Harbors … is offering H1N1 Vaccination Incineration Services that will profile, collect and dispose of H1N1 vaccines [when the become outdated]. This service helps … dispose of multiple dose units that contain mercury-based Thimerosal, which require certified destruction by hazardous waste incineration.”



Thimersosal has to removed by toxic waste specialists but it’s okay to inject babies and pregnant women or other humans with it? This is why the exemption to bring in flu vaccines that exceed the California legal mercury limit must not be allowed.

SB 792 may be the precursor to nationally enforced adult vaccinations for everyone in the near future.

The National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), a non-profit non governmental organization, has revealed the early stages of CDC plans to ensure all adults receive all the recommended (sic) scheduled vaccinations for adults.

Their ultimate target is to have everyone vaccinated fully with the CDC adult schedule and annually with flu shots by 2020, using a network of physicians, clinics, hospitals, work places, and social organizations to electronically track everyone’s vaccination history and pressure those who aren’t fully vaccinated into compliance.

We tend to focus on severe adverse effects, such as autism or GBS, that the CDC and mainstream media deny. But the long term and chronic poor health effects are even more obscure.

The originator of fascism before Hitler prior to WWII, Italian premier Benito Mussolini, explained fascism as a “cooperation” between big business and big government. There is an adage that explains it better: In socialism or communism, government controls big business; with fascism, big business controls government.

It’s easy to see that this whole campaign to vaccinate everyone is medical fascism. Big Pharma does not engage in humanitarian ventures. They’re all about big money. And the mainstream media always supports fascism within its borders to survive.

Sources:

http://www.sb277.org/ [7]

http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/pub/03-04/bill/asm/ab_2901-2950/ab_2943_bill_20040928_chaptered.html [8]

http://www.sb277.org/act-now-sb-792.html [9]

http://vaccineimpact.com/2015/could-the-ineffective-flu-shot-be-causing-more-severe-flu-outbreaks-including-deaths/ [10]

http://www.themomstreetjournal.com/naccho-a-big-pharma-wolf-in-sheeps-clothing [3]

http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/pub/15-16/bill/sen/sb_0751-0800/sb_792 _cfa_20150424_121316_sen_comm.html [11]

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ethan-rome/big-pharma-ceo-pay_b_3236641.html [12]

http://www.nvic.org/nvic-vaccine-news/march-2015/adults-targeted-for-vaccine-compliance-by-feds.aspx [13]

http://www.fiercevaccines.com/special-reports/top-5-vaccine-companies-revenue-2012 [14]

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [15]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24792,"by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

New research flies in the face of a new theory that statin drugs, used to lower cholesterol, may be of value in those suffering from osteoarthritis. To the contrary, statin drugs are likely contributing to the epidemic of knee osteoarthritis in exposed populations.

Symptomatic knee osteoarthritis is quite common in people older than 40 years, and will affect nearly 1 in 2 people by the age of 85 years, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.[i]

Basic symptoms include

Pain

Stiffness

Muscle weakness and atrophy

Decreased range of motion

Common causes or contributing factors include

“Wear and tear,” associated with age

Trauma

Poor nutrition, e.g. lack of synovial fluid and collagen nutritional co-factors (for instance, omega-3 fats and vitamin C).

Wheat lectin, and other chitin-binding lectin rich foods.

Now, new research indicates that statin drugs are contributing to the worsening of the epidemic of knee osteoarthritis (OA).

Published in the Annals of Rheumatic Diseases , researchers sought out to confirm a recent study on statin drugs showing their use is associated with reduced incidence and progression of knee osteoarthritis. [ii] They reasoned “If statins truly reduce structural knee OA development or progression, one could predict that statins may also reduce OA-related pain and improve function.”

Not only did they find no benefit, but they discovered an increased duration of statin use was associated with worsening in pain and physical function scores. They added “Our study has potential implications for policymakers and clinicians. If statins do not consistently influence OA progression or symptom status in large sample cohort studies, one must question their potential for future trial funding.”

This latest finding is far from surprising if one considers that there are over 300 adverse health effects associated with statin use already signaled in the biomedical literature. You can view these first-hand studies directly at our Statin Dangers research page. Also, only a few weeks ago theJournal of Diabetes published a study revealing a clear association between statin use and peripheral neuropathy in a U.S. population 40 years and older.

The time has come for people to critically question the toxicological consequences of statin use and to weigh their purported benefits against their well-known clinically-confirmed harms.

For research relevant to natural alternatives to statin drugs, use our health guide: statin drugs.

For research on natural alternatives for osteoarthritis of the knee view our page on the topic: knee osteoarthritis.

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/statin-drugs-linked-worsening-osteoarthritis-knee-0",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21939,"Health Impact News Editor

Dr. Dalbergue (pictured above), a former pharmaceutical industry physician with Gardasil manufacturer Merck, was interviewed in the April 2014 issue of the French magazine Principes de Santé (Health Principles). You can read it here (in French): http://ddata.over-blog.com/xxxyyy/3/27/09/71/2012-2013/Juin-2013/Dr-Dalbergue–Gardasil–plus-grand-scandale-de-tous-les-tem.pdf

Excerpts:

The full extent of the Gardasil scandal needs to be assessed: everyone knew when this vaccine was released on the American market that it would prove to be worthless! Diane Harper, a major opinion leader in the United States, was one of the first to blow the whistle, pointing out the fraud and scam of it all.

Gardasil is useless and costs a fortune! In addition, decision-makers at all levels are aware of it!

Cases of Guillain-Barré syndrome, paralysis of the lower limbs, vaccine-induced MS and vaccine-induced encephalitis can be found, whatever the vaccine.

I predict that Gardasil will become the greatest medical scandal of all times because at some point in time, the evidence will add up to prove that this vaccine, technical and scientific feat that it may be, has absolutely no effect on cervical cancer and that all the very many adverse effects which destroy lives and even kill, serve no other purpose than to generate profit for the manufacturers.

There is far too much financial interest for these medicines to be withdrawn.

As we have reported in many previous articles here at Health Impact News, the HPV vaccine has become a huge international controversy, while enjoying widespread mainstream media and medical acceptance here in the United States. Any mainstream media reporter who dares to report on the controversy surrounding Gardasil faces ridicule and a potential loss of their career. (Just ask Katie Couric.)

U.S. law prevents anyone from suing Merck or any other vaccine manufacturer as the U.S. Congress gave them total immunity from civil lawsuits in 1986, and that legal protection which gives them a free pass to put as many vaccines into the market as they want to, was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court in 2011. In addition, the National Institute of Health receives royalties from the sales of Gardasil. So don’t expect objective, true information from the U.S. mainstream media, or your U.S. doctor.

But Merck does not have the same legal protection outside the U.S., and it is here we must find information regarding lawsuits over injuries and deaths related to Gardasil.

Gardasil: An International Scandal

SaneVax, Inc.

Press Release from Michèle Rivasi, MEP France

Michèle Rivasi, MEP Vice-Chair of the Greens/EFA in the European Parliament, organized a press conference in Paris on April 2, the topic was Gardasil, a vaccine from Sanofi-Pasteur MSD against certain human papillomavirus responsible for cancer.

In the space of seven years, nearly 2 million young women aged 13-26 years received at least one dose of this vaccine in France, reimbursed at 65% by the Social Security … even though the evidence of its effectiveness has not yet been proven.`

For Michèle Rivasi, it is likely that clinical trials of Gardasil were not conducted following the rules of science. Normally, to evaluate safety, the treatment must be compared with placebo. However, in the case of this vaccine, the “placebo” that was used was the vaccine adjuvant itself.

The French Agency for Sanitary Safety of Health Products (AFSSAPS) registered Gardasil on its list of drugs under surveillance after the crisis of the Mediator.

Today in Europe, many young women, aged 18-24 years without medical history are affected with very debilitating diseases that could be attributed directly to vaccination. Océane Bourguignon was 15 when she received two injections of Gardasil. Within months she was hospitalized for multiple sclerosis. She temporarily lost her sight and the use of her legs. Her father, Jean-Jacques, was present at the conference with their lawyer, Jean-Christophe Coubris, together with the mother of Orianne Lochu, another young victim.

Today, many whistleblowers, researchers, physicians and health professionals are against the objective set in the Cancer Plan announced by François Hollande on February 4, which is to double the “coverage “of vaccination of young girls with Gardasil until 2021 because:

– Cervical cancer in France is no longer a public health problem (1.7 % of all cancers)

– The vaccine is only effective against infections caused by some strains of the virus: Gardasil contains antigens only for strains of type 6, 11, 16 and 18 and the other vaccine, Cervarix, for 2 strains. However, infections with strains 16 and 18, established as scarecrows by manufacturers, seem rarer in Europe. Note that there are more than 100 strains, including 18 considered high-risk oncogenic

– There is no evidence to date demonstrating efficacy of the vaccine against the occurrence of cervical cancer! 20 years back would still be necessary to obtain such evidence, however, the duration of vaccine protection is limited in time.

– The presence of aluminum adjuvant is very problematic, as shown by scientists Chris Shaw and Lucija Tomljenovic, from the University of British Columbia, and Professor Authier and Gherardi, from Hospital Henri-Mondor (Créteil), all present at the conference. The aluminum migrates into the body and reaches the brain, where it accumulates. There are many adverse effects noted: death, convulsions, syncope, Guillain-Barré syndrome, transverse myelitis, facial paralysis, chronic fatigue syndrome, autoimmune diseases, pulmonary embolisms, myofasciitis macrophages, pancreatitis…

– The effectiveness of conventional smears to detect cervical cancer has been proven.

– Deal with these risks. Austria refused to include these vaccines in the vaccination schedule and Japan no longer recommends this vaccination; many challenges exist in other countries.

– A dose of Gardasil costs 123.44 euros in France, or 370.32 euros for 3 injections required, this is far too expensive. This cost could increase if boosters were necessary, because the duration of protection of initial vaccination is still not known. The period of “catch-up” could generate a cost to social security of 926 M° euros. In subsequent years the annual cost would be € 148 M °.

-An indecent campaign of communication was engaged years ago to promote this vaccine: lobbying campaigns and aggressive advertising are conducted by laboratories that play on the fears and guilt, especially of mothers: “Protect your daughter, this is what is more natural for a mother.” One of these commercials has also been banned by the Medicines Agency in August 2010 for “lack of objectivity “.

For all of these reasons, MEP Michèle Rivasi calls for a moratorium: member states must stop recommending this vaccine until more studies are conducted on Gardasil, its effectiveness and dangers.

[Note from SaneVax: There are currently 28 member states in the European Union. This call for a moratorium was addressed to all of them.]

Read the full press release here: http://sanevax.org/gardasil-international-scandal/

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33368,"Eyes Work Without Connection to Brain: Ectopic Eyes Function Without Natural Connection to Brain

ScienceDaily

Excerpts:

For the first time, scientists have shown that transplanted eyes located far outside the head in a vertebrate animal model can confer vision without a direct neural connection to the brain. Biologists at Tufts University School of Arts and Sciences used a […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32806,"Research from France’s University of Angers has determined that certain essential oils are effective in killing the bacteria known to cause tonsillitis. Cinnamon oil, Thyme oil, Lemongrass oil, Marjoram oil, and Winter Savory oil had the greatest antibiotic activity against the tonsillitis bacteria S. pyogenes.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32544,"Why Is Informed Consent to Vaccination A Human Right?

by Barbara Loe Fisher

National Vaccine Information Center

Civil liberties.

They include the legal right to exercise freedom of thought, speech, conscience and religious belief. [1, 2]

Autonomy.

Protection of autonomy and bodily integrity includes the human right to exercise informed consent to medical risk taking. [3, 4, 5]

What is informed consent?

Informed consent means you have the legal right to be fully and accurately informed about the benefits and risks of a medical intervention, including a pharmaceutical product, and are free to make a voluntary decision about whether to accept the risk for yourself or your minor child without being coerced or punished for the decision you make. [6, 7]

Informed consent has guided the ethical practice of medicine since the Doctor’s Trial at Nuremberg after World War II, where the informed consent principle was internationally acknowledged as a human right for individuals participating in scientific research. [8, 9]

Today, informed consent to medical risk taking also means you have the legal right to be fully and accurately informed by a doctor or medical facility about the benefits and risks of a lab test, surgical procedure, prescription drug or other medical intervention performed on you or your minor child and give your voluntary permission. [10, 11]

Why is informed consent to vaccine risk taking a human right?

Vaccines are biological products manufactured by pharmaceutical corporations. Like other pharmaceutical products, vaccines carry a risk of injury or death, which can be greater for some people than others, and often doctors cannot predict who will be harmed. [12, 13]

One-size-fits-all vaccine policies and laws, which force you to risk your health or your child’s health without your voluntary, informed consent and with the threat of punishment for declining a vaccine, violate human rights. 14, 15]

It is important to protect civil liberties, including the freedom to exercise voluntary, informed consent to medical risk taking. Without the legal right to protect autonomy and bodily integrity, without the legal right to freedom of thought, speech, conscience and religious belief, we are no longer free. [16, 17]

Within NVIC.org, learn more about vaccines, diseases and the human right to informed consent to medical risk taking.

Empower yourself today with well-referenced information that can help you make educated decisions about vaccination.

It’s your health. Your family. Your choice.

Read the full article at NVIC.org.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

References

1 National Archives. America’s Founding Documents: Declaration of Independence, Constitution, Bill of Rights. June 26, 2017.

2 The Free Dictionary. Definition of civil liberties.

3 Open Society Foundation – Armenia. Right to Bodily Integrity. Human Rights in Patient Care: A Practitioner Guide.

4 Cohen J, Ezer T. Human Rights in Patient Care: A Theoretical and Practical Framework. Health and Human Rights Journal 2013; 15(2).

5 The Free Dictionary. Substantive Due Process: Modern Analysis.

6 Nir E. Informed Consent. The Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy 2011 (Fall Edition).

7 HG.org. Understanding Informed Consent.

8 Annas GJ, Grodin MA. The Nazi Doctors and the Nuremberg Code. Oxford University Press 1992.

9 Grodin MA, Annas GJ. Legacies of Nuremberg – Medical Ethics and Human Rights. JAMA 1996; 276(20): 1682-1683.

10 U.S. Library of Medicine. Informed Consent – Adults. Medline Plus Oct. 29, 2015.

11 Nemours Children’s Health System. When You Need Consent for Treatment at Nemours. The Nemours Foundation 2017.

12 Institute of Medicine Committee to Review Adverse Effects of Vaccines. Adverse Effects of Vaccines: Evidence and Causality: Evaluating Biological Mechanisms of Adverse Events (p. 57-102), Increased Susceptibility (p. 82). Washington, DC: The National Academies Press 2012.

13 HRSA. Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Data and Statistics.

14 Fisher BL. Blackmail and the Medical Vaccine Exemption. NVIC Newsletter May 18, 2015.

15 Nickel J. Human Rights. Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy Nov. 8, 2014.

16 Fisher BL. Vaccination: Defending Your Right to Know and Freedom to Choose. NVIC Newsletter Nov. 3, 2014.

17 Fisher BL. Defending the Religious Exemption to Vaccination. NVIC Newsletter June 28, 2016.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33043,"by Christina England

Health Impact News

On March 14, 2016, Health Impact News published a report [3] describing how the General Medical Council (GMC) had found neuropathologist and defense witness, Dr. Waney Squier, guilty of misleading her peers, being irresponsible, dishonest and bringing the reputation of the medical profession into disrepute.

Taking further action to destroy her career and profession, on March 21, 2016, the GMC decided that it was in the public’s best interest to erase Dr. Squier’s name from the medical register, effectively removing her license to practice medicine and ending her medical career.

Speaking to the Guardian newspaper [4] on Monday, the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service, the disciplinary arm of the General Medical Council told reporters that they:

“…had no option but to end Squier’s medical career, given her serial dishonesty.”

What Was Her Crime?

Before being professionally assassinated, Dr. Squier was thought to be the UK’s leading scientist in the field of pediatric neuropathology and had worked as a consultant at the John Radcliffe Hospital for 32 years.

Until 15 years ago, she, like many other professionals, had vehemently supported and adhered to the mainstream belief that when a medical professional suspects that an infant has been violently shaken, they must examine the baby for the “triad [5]” of injuries believed to be associated with shaken baby syndrome (SBS).

However, after studying and examining the scientific underpinnings of what is only, after all, a theory, Dr. Squier began to develop serious doubts, which led her to express her ever-increasing scientific skepticism.

Those doubts are what ultimately led to the abrupt end of her successful career.

Professionals From Around the World Appalled: Write Letters of Support

Appalled by the GMC’s decision, Protecting Innocent Families [6] (PIF) was one of many organizations to write to the GMC asking them to revise their decision. Writing on behalf of thousands of falsely accused families worldwide and defending Dr. Squier’s good name, the PIF wrote:

We are writing in the defense of Dr. Waney Squier, a pediatric neuropathologist who was struck off the medical register this week for practicing outside her area of expertise, ignoring the opinions of her peers, and bringing the reputation of the medical profession into disrepute with her testimony and written opinions in a series of shaken baby cases she helped defend between 2007 and 2010. We know from personal experience that the prevailing model of shaken baby syndrome is flawed, a fact that is also supported by peer-reviewed literature. Although shaking an infant can cause serious injury and death, the presence of the intracranial and retinal findings now associated with shaken baby syndrome does not prove abuse, which is the vital message Dr. Squier brings to the debate. We are dismayed that the Council is sanctioning her for having the courage and intellectual honesty to express her own views, which are not popular but which are founded on solid scientific thinking and the best available evidence. Many of these diagnoses are based on the presence of non-specific findings (thin subdural hematoma, retinal hemorrhages, and encephalopathy) that can be associated with a number of medical conditions and accidental trauma as well as inflicted injury. It is a logical error to conclude that because abuse can cause the findings, the presence of the findings proves abuse.

They continued:

We are a coalition of innocent families accused of child abuse and the scientists, physicians, attorneys, and neighbors who support us. We have been calling for an impartial, scientific review of the evidence base for the diagnosis of shaken baby syndrome and other forms of child abuse by an objective body of scientists who can evaluate the known facts. Your decision regarding Dr. Squier illustrates how seriously such a review is needed. We are dismayed both by the accusations themselves and by the details of the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service report that led to your decision. The tribunal states, for example, that Dr. Squier erred by giving opinions on questions of biomechanics, a field in which she has no formal training. We find this criticism ironic, because the child abuse experts who testify that certain findings prove a child has been shaken also have no formal education in biomechanics.

Their letter was both firm and to the point and was signed by a large number of professionals, including:

Bergina Brickhouse, Psychiatrist, Washington, D.C.

David Ayoub, M.D., Clinical Radiologists, S.C., Illinois, U.S.

Melissa Staas, Attorney, Illinois, U.S.

Kimberly Leonard, Executive Director, Pediatric Justice Association, North Carolina, U.S.

Equally shocked and dismayed by the GMC’s decision, Dr. Uscinski, a neurosurgeon based out of Maryland, wrote to Health Impact News in support of his colleague. Expressing his view in no uncertain terms, he wrote:

The simple truth is that ‘shaken baby syndrome’ remains to this day not only an unproved hypothesis, but one which, under objective scrutiny, is lacking in scientific credibility. We may be enamoured with the notion of witches flying on brooms, but in reality the laws of physics say otherwise, and reality does eventually intervene, as doubtless it will do also eventually in Professor Squier’s case. The founding fathers of my country, at the time of its inception, published a work known as the Declaration of Independence, the last sentence of which reads ‘To secure these blessings of liberty for ourselves and our brethren, we mutually pledge our lives, our fortunes, and our sacred honor.’ Politics and history aside, we brethren of yours on this side of the Atlantic who are also engaged in this current strife understand exactly what these men meant. This is indeed a revolt against a (quasi-scientific) tyranny. Ronald H. Uscinski, M.D.

Visibly shocked by the GMC’s decision, Dr. Squier told BBC reporters [7] that she was devastated by the decision. In a recorded interview, she said:

I have done my best to give an opinion based on my experience, based on the best evidence that I can find to support my view. Backed by many, many people, cleverer than I am that are scientists, teachers, who are very well read and who understand the issues. If that that doesn’t hold sway, this is devastating and it means that the implications for giving evidence for anybody, any doctor who wants to give evidence in the courts are enormous because you can stand up and give an honestly held, well-supported view and find yourself out of a job.

Tribunal Panel Lacked Medical Expertise

Ironically, the panel of three so-called experts that the GMC used to ultimately seal Dr. Squier’s fate amounted to nothing more than a retired Royal Air Force officer, a retired police officer and a retired community psychiatrist who were inadequately equipped to understand the complexities of an infant’s brain.

GMC More Interested in Traffic Offenses than Science?

In regard to Dr. Squier’s case, the GMC made the following statement [8]:

Our Chief Executive comments on the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service (MTPS) decision to erase Dr. Squier from the medical register. Niall Dickson, Chief Executive of the General Medical Council, said: This case was not about the science – it was about Dr. Squier’s conduct as a doctor acting as an expert witness. It was brought following criticism of her evidence by no fewer than four senior judges presiding over some of the most serious matters the courts have to deal with. A doctor giving evidence in court is bound by the same standards as a doctor in clinical practice and by additional rules set down by the courts. They have a duty to act with honesty and integrity at all times, their work should be rigorous and their opinion presented objectively and fairly. Cases involving allegations of injury to children are often complex and the courts must rule on matters that will affect the safety and custody of children and sometimes the liberty of adults – as such judges have the right to expect high standards of accuracy and objectivity from expert witnesses. If it becomes clear that a doctor has lost objectivity – by cherry-picking facts or research to suit their views or by working outside their area of expertise – that is a problem which we must look at. What is not always understood is that neither the GMC, which is responsible for investigating doctors, nor the independent tribunal have any role in resolving differences of scientific opinion. (own emphasis)

It is a well-known fact that science is changing every day. In 2004, the International Council for Science wrote a paper titled Universality of Science in a changing world [9]. They wrote:

The world has changed dramatically in the past decade, as has the role of science and scientists in it. It is important that the Universality of Science be defended even more vigorously than it has been in the past. Progress in science is made through the worldwide exchange of ideas, information, data, and materials, and the understanding of the work of others. Science is a co-operative exercise that thrives on open international interaction and exchange. It transcends national boundaries. In this sense, science is universal and when this universality is infringed or impeded it can have serious consequences for science and for society more broadly. (own emphasis)

Some would claim that the GMC is out-of-date, and that science has evolved and left them behind in the process.

Vernon Coleman, writing for The Spectator [10] in 2014, called the GMC “a nest of power-hungry bureaucrats,” stating that they had become “bloated” and “useless.” He cited one instance where the GMC was checking on “motor offences” of doctors.

In his report [10], Mr. Coleman wrote:

The General Medical Council, the GMC, is a curious organisation which is part charity, part quango, part government department and part protection racket.

After giving readers a brief background outlining the GMC’s tainted history, Coleman continued:

The real problem with the GMC, however, is that it has been given the job of licensing doctors. After the Dr. Harold Shipman scandal, it was decided in high places that ‘something’ had to be done to protect the public from dangerous doctors. Shipman, a general practitioner, had spent years methodically slaughtering over 200 of his patients and ministers were embarrassed. It was decreed that some form of regular testing should be introduced so that doctors in practice could be assessed. The plans for doctors to have competence tests every five years, with annual appraisals in between, were drawn up in 2008 by Professor Sir Liam Donaldson, the government’s chief medical officer at the time. Donaldson was instructed to do something by ministers who wanted to weed out rogue practitioners and to make sure that there would not be another Shipman embarrassment. The GMC was given the job of finding a new way to assess medical practitioners. This was odd because the GMC was the body which was criticised for its culture and procedures in the official report into Shipman’s crimes. Everyone knew that finding a way to assess doctors was never going to be easy. Older doctors, long out of medical school, were never going to accept any sort of academic assessment, and since modern medicine is still more of an art than a science, it was decided that it would be impossible to create a system which relied on assessing diagnostic skills.

Coleman explained that to resolve the problem the GMC had decided on a new tactic to destroy doctors, which he revealed involved each one of them spending hours filling out reams of paperwork. He stated:

The scheme is a bureaucrat’s dream and a practitioner’s nightmare; it seems to have been designed by the sort of people who have six ballpoint pens in their breast pocket and its rigidity has made life unbearably difficult for thousands of doctors, such as locums and ships’ doctors, who do not fit neatly into the system. Some parts of the revalidation procedure astonished me. So, for example, the GMC asked for details of all my motoring offences — which included details of a 1984 speeding offence and a £5 fine I received in 1977 when an officious policeman spotted me hurrying to a suspected heart attack patient. (My astonishment abated when I discovered that Ms. Lindsey Westwood, who is in charge of the GMC’s revalidation programme, was just two years ago working for the Traffic Penalty Tribunal as an appeals manager. I do, however, find it interesting that the person the GMC have put in charge of checking the fitness to practise of every doctor in Britain was recently checking parking tickets for a living.) (own emphasis)

As the world comes to terms with losing the expertise of yet another talented and dedicated professional, one wonders if the GMC is truly fit for their purpose or whether they would just be better off working as traffic cops?

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com [11]

See Also:

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

[24]

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here! [24]

[25]

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here! [24]

Also available as eBook:

[26]

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32812,"By Dr. Mercola

Alzheimer’s disease is currently at epidemic proportions, with 5.4 million Americans — including one in eight people aged 65 and over — living with Alzheimer’s disease. By 2050, this is expected to jump to 16 million, and in the next 20 years, it is projected that Alzheimer’s will affect one in four Americans.

While the cause of this condition is believed to be a mystery, it’s becoming increasingly clear that what you eat, or don’t eat, can influence your risk as well as the rate at which the disease progresses. B group vitamins, in particular, especially folic acid and vitamins B6 and B12, are again making headlines for their powerful role in preventing Alzheimer’s disease.

B Vitamins May Reduce Brain Shrinkage by Up to 90 Percent

High levels of the amino acid homocysteine are linked to brain shrinkage and an increased risk of Alzheimer’s. B vitamins are known to suppress homocysteine. In a 2010 study, participants received relatively high doses of B vitamins, including:

800 micrograms (mcg) folic acid — US RDA is 400 mcg/day

500 mcg B12 (cyanocobalamin) – US RDA is only 2.4 mcg/day

20 mg B6 (pyridoxine hydrochloride) — US RDA 1.3-1.5 mg/day

The study was based on the presumption that by controlling the levels of homocysteine, you might be able to reduce the amount of brain shrinkage, which tends to precipitate Alzheimer’s.

Indeed, after two years those who had received the vitamin-B regimen suffered significantly less brain shrinkage compared to those who had received a placebo. In those who had the highest levels of homocysteine at the start of the trial, their brains shrank at half the rate of those taking a placebo.

The latest study takes this research a step further, showing not only that B group vitamins may slow brain shrinkage but that it may specifically slow shrinkage by as much as seven-fold in brain regions specifically known to be most impacted by Alzheimer’s disease.

Among participants taking high doses of folic acid and vitamins B6 and B12, blood levels of homocysteine were lowered as was the associated brain shrinkage – by up to 90 percent. The researchers noted:

“ … B vitamins lower homocysteine, which directly leads to a decrease in GM [gray matter] atrophy, thereby slowing cognitive decline. Our results show that B-vitamin supplementation can slow the atrophy of specific brain regions that are a key component of the AD [Alzheimer’s disease] process and that are associated with cognitive decline.”

Foods Rich in Vitamin B12 Also Shown to Lower Alzheimer’s Risk

According to a small Finnish study published in the journal Neurology, people who consume foods rich in B12 may reduce their risk of Alzheimer’s in their later years. For each unit increase in the marker of vitamin B12 (holotranscobalamin), the risk of developing Alzheimer’s was reduced by 2 percent.

This makes a strong case for ensuring your diet includes plenty of healthful B-vitamin sources, such as meat, poultry, eggs, dairy products and wild-caught fish. Leafy green vegetables, beans and peas also provide some B vitamins, but if you eat an all vegetarian or vegan diet, vitamin B12 is one of the nutrients your body is most likely deficient in, as it is naturally present in foods that come from animals, including meat, fish, eggs, milk and milk products.

This is also a strong argument to use fermented foods and limit sugar intake. Consider that the entire B group vitamin series is produced continually within your gut, assuming it is continually replenished and reseeded with healthy flora from organically grown raw foods, particularly the flora-dense cultured traditional fermented foods, e.g. yoghurt, sauerkraut, or failing that, a good probiotic supplement.

B-Vitamin Deficiencies Tied to Brain Risks

Even if you eat animal foods, vitamin B12 requires a complex system in your body involving intrinsic factor to bind to it so it can be actively absorbed in the end of your small intestine (terminal ileum). As you grow older, the ability to produce intrinsic factor decreases and may cause a deficiency state. Studies from the U.S. Framingham trial show one in four adults are deficient in vitamin B12, and nearly half the population has suboptimal blood levels.

This is important to be aware of, and correct if it applies to you, as people with high levels of markers for vitamin B12 deficiency are more likely to score lower on cognitive tests, as well as have a smaller total brain volume, which suggests a lack of the vitamin may lead to brain shrinkage.

A previous study on the impact of vitamin B12 on brain wasting also found that seniors with lower vitamin B12 levels at the start of the study had a greater decrease in brain volume at the end. Those with the lowest B12 levels had a six-fold greater rate of brain volume loss compared with those who had the highest levels.

Interestingly, none of the participants were actually deficient in vitamin B12 — they just had low levels within a normal range. This goes to show that “normal” is not necessarily the same as “optimal” when you’re talking about nutrients. You don’t have to be clearly deficient in order to experience a decline in brain health. The study’s lead researcher commented on this, saying:

“Our results suggest that rather than maintaining one’s B12 at a level that is just above the cut-off for deficiency, it might be prudent to aim to keep it higher up than normal range.”

Folic Acid Versus Folate: What’s the Difference?

Hearing about the benefits of B vitamins for your brain health might make you consider trying a supplement. However, it’s important to know the difference between folic acid and folate before you do. Although often used interchangeably, folic acid is a synthetic type of B vitamin used in supplements and fortified foods, while folate is the natural form found in foods. Think: folatecomes from foliage (edible leafy plants) and not supplement bottles as a guideline.

There is some research suggesting that taking high doses of synthetic folic acid may actually increase your risk of cancer, immune system damage or other health problems. Further, in order for folic acid to be of use to your body, it must first be activated into its biologically active form – L-5-MTHF. This is the form that is able to cross the blood-brain barrier to give you the brain benefits noted. However, nearly half of the population has difficulty converting folic acid into the bioactive form because of a genetic reduction in enzyme activity. For this reason, if you take a B-vitamin supplement, make sure it contains natural folate rather than synthetic folic acid.

More Dietary Strategies for Fighting Alzheimer’s Disease

Ensuring you have adequate levels of B vitamin in your diet is just one dietary strategy to reduce your risk of Alzheimer’s and protect your brain health, as it’s becoming increasingly clear that the same pathological process that leads to insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes may also hold true for your brain. As you over-indulge on sugar and grains, and starve yourself of enough essential fatty acids, your brain becomes overwhelmed by the consistently high levels of insulin and eventually shuts down its insulin signaling, leading to impairments in your thinking and memory abilities, and eventually causing permanent brain damage.

Alzheimer’s disease was tentatively dubbed “type 3 diabetes” in early 2005 when researchers learned that the pancreas is not the only organ that produces insulin. Your brain also produces insulin, and this brain insulin is necessary for the survival of your brain cells – that is, until the brain starts resisting chronically elevated levels of it, and it becomes toxic.

You may already know I have become passionate about warning of the dangers of fructose. There is no question in my mind that regularly consuming more than 25 grams of fructose per day will dramatically increase your risk of dementia and Alzheimer’s disease. Consuming too much fructose will inevitably wreak havoc on your body’s ability to regulate proper insulin levels.

In one study from UCLA, researchers found that rats fed a fructose-rich and omega-3 fat deficient diet (similar to what is consumed by many Americans) developed both insulin resistance and impaired brain function in just six weeks. Additionally, recent research has also shown that intermittent fasting also triggers a variety of health-promoting hormonal and metabolic changes similar to those of constant calorie restriction — including reduced age-related brain shrinkage.

According to Professor Mark Mattson, head of neuroscience at the US National Institute on Ageing: “Suddenly dropping your food intake dramatically — cutting it by at least half for a day or so — triggers protective processes in the brain.” He likens the effects to those from exercise, stating intermittent fasting could help protect your brain against degenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s.

A Comprehensive Anti-Alzheimer’s Lifestyle

Memory loss and cognitive impairment are NOT “normal” parts of aging. While even mild “senior moments” may be caused by the same brain lesions associated with Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of dementia, these cognitive changes are by no means inevitable! People who experience very little decline in their cognitive function up until their deaths have been found (post-mortem) to be free of brain lesions, showing that it’s entirely possible to prevent the damage from occurring in the first place… and one of the best ways to do this is by leading a healthy lifestyle, which includes:

Limit fructose . As mentioned, most everyone will benefit from keeping their total fructose consumed to below 25 grams per day.

As mentioned, most everyone will benefit from keeping their total fructose consumed to below 25 grams per day. Improve magnesium levels. There is some exciting preliminary research strongly suggesting a decrease in Alzheimer symptoms with increased levels of magnesium in the brain. Unfortunately, most magnesium supplements do not pass the blood-brain barrier, but a new one, magnesium threonate, appears to and holds some promise for the future for treating this condition.

There is some exciting preliminary research strongly suggesting a decrease in Alzheimer symptoms with increased levels of magnesium in the brain. Unfortunately, most magnesium supplements do not pass the blood-brain barrier, but a new one, magnesium threonate, appears to and holds some promise for the future for treating this condition. Optimize your vitamin D levels with safe sun exposure. Strong links between low levels of vitamin D in Alzheimer’s patients and poor outcomes on cognitive tests have been revealed. Researchers believe that optimal vitamin D levels may enhance the amount of important chemicals in your brain and protect brain cells by increasing the effectiveness of the glial cells in nursing damaged neurons back to health. Vitamin D may also exert some of its beneficial effects on Alzheimer’s through its anti-inflammatory and immune-boosting properties. Sufficient vitamin D is imperative for proper functioning of your immune system to combat inflammation that is also associated with Alzheimer’s.

Strong links between low levels of vitamin D in Alzheimer’s patients and poor outcomes on cognitive tests have been revealed. Researchers believe that optimal vitamin D levels may enhance the amount of important chemicals in your brain and protect brain cells by increasing the effectiveness of the glial cells in nursing damaged neurons back to health. Vitamin D may also exert some of its beneficial effects on Alzheimer’s through its anti-inflammatory and immune-boosting properties. Sufficient vitamin D is imperative for proper functioning of your immune system to combat inflammation that is also associated with Alzheimer’s. Keep your fasting insulin levels below 3. This is indirectly related to fructose, as it will clearly lead to insulin resistance. However other sugars (sucrose is 50% fructose by weight), grains and lack of exercise are also important factors.

This is indirectly related to fructose, as it will clearly lead to insulin resistance. However other sugars (sucrose is 50% fructose by weight), grains and lack of exercise are also important factors. Vitamin B12 and other B vitamins : As mentioned, these vitamins appear useful in protecting against brain shrinkage and may even help treat Alzheimer’s disease and reduce memory loss.

As mentioned, these vitamins appear useful in protecting against brain shrinkage and may even help treat Alzheimer’s disease and reduce memory loss. Eat a nutritious diet, rich in folate , such as the one described in my nutrition plan. Vegetables, without question, are your best form of folate, and we should all eat plenty of fresh raw veggies every day.

, such as the one described in my nutrition plan. Vegetables, without question, are your best form of folate, and we should all eat plenty of fresh raw veggies every day. High-quality animal-based omega-3 fats , such as krill oil. (I recommend avoiding most fish because, although fish is naturally high in omega-3, most fish are now severely contaminated with mercury.) High intake of the omega-3 fats EPA and DHA help by preventing cell damage caused by Alzheimer’s disease, thereby slowing down its progression and lowering your risk of developing the disorder.

, such as krill oil. (I recommend avoiding most fish because, although fish is naturally high in omega-3, most fish are now severely contaminated with mercury.) High intake of the omega-3 fats EPA and DHA help by preventing cell damage caused by Alzheimer’s disease, thereby slowing down its progression and lowering your risk of developing the disorder. Avoid and remove mercury from your body. Dental amalgam fillings, which are 50% mercury by weight, are one of the major sources of heavy metal toxicity. However you should be healthy prior to having them removed. Once you have adjusted to following the diet described in my optimized nutrition plan, you can follow the mercury detox protocol and then find a biological dentist to have your amalgams removed.

Dental amalgam fillings, which are 50% mercury by weight, are one of the major sources of heavy metal toxicity. However you should be healthy prior to having them removed. Once you have adjusted to following the diet described in my optimized nutrition plan, you can follow the mercury detox protocol and then find a biological dentist to have your amalgams removed. Avoid aluminum, such as antiperspirants, non-stick cookware, vaccine adjuvants, etc.

such as antiperspirants, non-stick cookware, vaccine adjuvants, etc. Exercise regularly. It’s been suggested that exercise can trigger a change in the way the amyloid precursor protein is metabolized, thus slowing down the onset and progression of Alzheimer’s. Exercise also increases levels of the protein PGC-1alpha. Research has also shown that people with Alzheimer’s have less PGC-1alpha in their brains and cells that contain more of the protein produce less of the toxic amyloid protein associated with Alzheimer’s. I would strongly recommend reviewing the Peak Fitness Technique for my specific recommendations.

It’s been suggested that exercise can trigger a change in the way the amyloid precursor protein is metabolized, thus slowing down the onset and progression of Alzheimer’s. Exercise also increases levels of the protein PGC-1alpha. Research has also shown that people with Alzheimer’s have less PGC-1alpha in their brains and cells that contain more of the protein produce less of the toxic amyloid protein associated with Alzheimer’s. I would strongly recommend reviewing the Peak Fitness Technique for my specific recommendations. Coconut Oil may offer profound benefits in the fight against Alzheimer’s disease. One of the primary fuels your brain uses is glucose, which is converted into energy. When your brain becomes insulin resistant, atrophy due to starvation can occur. However, ketone bodies, or ketoacids, can also feed your brain, perhaps better, and prevent brain atrophy. It may even restore and renew neuron and nerve function in your brain after damage has set in. In fact, ketones appear to be the preferred source of brain food in patients affected by diabetes or Alzheimer’s. Ketones are what your body produces when it converts fat (as opposed to glucose) into energy, and a primary source of ketone bodies are the medium-chain triglycerides (MCT) found in coconut oil, which is approximately 66% MCT by weight. It can also be used to treat Alzheimer’s disease by using a ketogenic diet with coconut oil.

may offer profound benefits in the fight against Alzheimer’s disease. One of the primary fuels your brain uses is glucose, which is converted into energy. When your brain becomes insulin resistant, atrophy due to starvation can occur. However, ketone bodies, or ketoacids, can also feed your brain, perhaps better, and prevent brain atrophy. It may even restore and renew neuron and nerve function in your brain after damage has set in. In fact, ketones appear to be the preferred source of brain food in patients affected by diabetes or Alzheimer’s. Ketones are what your body produces when it converts fat (as opposed to glucose) into energy, and a primary source of ketone bodies are the medium-chain triglycerides (MCT) found in coconut oil, which is approximately 66% MCT by weight. It can also be used to treat Alzheimer’s disease by using a ketogenic diet with coconut oil. Astaxanthin is a natural pigment with unique properties and many clinical benefits, including some of the most potent antioxidant activity currently known. As a fat-soluble nutrient, astaxanthin readily crosses your blood-brain barrier. One study found it may help prevent neurodegeneration associated with oxidative stress, as well as make a potent natural “brain food.”

is a natural pigment with unique properties and many clinical benefits, including some of the most potent antioxidant activity currently known. As a fat-soluble nutrient, astaxanthin readily crosses your blood-brain barrier. One study found it may help prevent neurodegeneration associated with oxidative stress, as well as make a potent natural “brain food.” Gingko biloba: Many scientific studies have found that ginkgo biloba has positive effects for dementia, including improving cognitive performance and social functioning for those suffering from dementia.

Many scientific studies have found that ginkgo biloba has positive effects for dementia, including improving cognitive performance and social functioning for those suffering from dementia. Alpha lipoic acid (ALA) can help stabilize cognitive functions among Alzheimer’s patients and may slow the progression of the disease.

can help stabilize cognitive functions among Alzheimer’s patients and may slow the progression of the disease. Avoid flu vaccinations, as most contain both mercury and aluminum, well-known neurotoxic and immunotoxic agents.

as most contain both mercury and aluminum, well-known neurotoxic and immunotoxic agents. Eat plenty of blueberries. Wild blueberries, which have high anthocyanin and antioxidant content, are known to guard against Alzheimer’s and other neurological diseases.

Wild blueberries, which have high anthocyanin and antioxidant content, are known to guard against Alzheimer’s and other neurological diseases. Challenge your mind daily. Mental stimulation, especially learning something new, such as learning to play an instrument or a new language, is associated with a decreased risk of Alzheimer’s. Researchers suspect that mental challenge helps to build up your brain, making it less susceptible to the lesions associated with Alzheimer’s disease.

Mental stimulation, especially learning something new, such as learning to play an instrument or a new language, is associated with a decreased risk of Alzheimer’s. Researchers suspect that mental challenge helps to build up your brain, making it less susceptible to the lesions associated with Alzheimer’s disease. Avoid anticholinergic and statin drugs. Drugs that block acetylcholine, a nervous system neurotransmitter, have been shown to increase your risk of dementia. These drugs include certain nighttime pain relievers, antihistamines, sleep aids, certain antidepressants, medications to control incontinence, and certain narcotic pain relievers.

Statin drugs are particularly problematic because they suppress the synthesis of cholesterol, deplete your brain of coenzyme Q10 and neurotransmitter precursors, and prevent adequate delivery of essential fatty acids and fat-soluble antioxidants to your brain by inhibiting the production of the indispensable carrier biomolecule known as low-density lipoprotein. In fact, last year the FDA required statin manufacturers to list “memory loss” as a known side effect of their use.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/06/03/vitamin-b.aspx

See Also: Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease: The News is Spreading",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24644,"Health Impact News Comments:

The ketogenic diet was developed at John Hopkins hospital in the 1920s as a natural cure for epilepsy, when drugs failed. It is a high fat diet restricting carbohydrates. The diet fell out of favor during the anti-saturated fat campaign started in the U.S. and codified into official government dietary advice in the 1970s as a result of the McGovern Report. “Saturated fat is bad” is still official government dietary policy today, due to the influence of the vegetable oil industry which produces their products from the highly subsidized corn and soy bean crops.

The Ketogenic Diet in some form or another has been labeled by many different names in recent times, and started gaining traction again with Dr. Atkins and the low-carb fad diets that became popular about 8 to 10 years ago. Today’s latest fad diet, the “paleo diet” is another example of a diet based on the ketogenic principles.

This diet is not new, however, as it was seen as a therapeutic diet that produced better results than drugs in treating epilepsy way back in the 1920s. Today, the diet is being studied in the medical community with applications to all kinds of diseases. Of course, most of the medical interest in the diet is to try to develop a line of “ketone” drugs to mimic the diet. Ketones, which our body can produce during fasting or “starvation,” are an alternative energy source for those who are insulin resistant. Insulin resistance is increasingly being seen as a major cause of many diseases.

When the Atkins diet gained media popularity several years ago, many critics complained that there were no long-term studies done on the diet. However, there are plenty of studies on the Ketogenic Diet and there have never been any negative effects recorded from long-term use. One study is here. Epidemiological studies on populations that eat high saturated fat diets also abound. So with no side effects from a natural diet, it is highly unlikely that any pharmaceutical products will see the same success the Ketogenic Diet is seeing today.

The research that is starting to be published on the effectiveness of the Ketogenic Diet in curing disease is nothing less than amazing. This study below is a survey of the diet’s use in a variety of neurological diseases.

Dietary and metabolic therapies have been attempted in a wide variety of neurological diseases, including epilepsy, headache, neurotrauma, Alzheimer disease, Parkinson disease, sleep disorders, brain cancer, autism, pain, and multiple sclerosis. The impetus for using various diets to treat – or at least ameliorate symptoms of – these disorders stems from both a lack of effectiveness of pharmacological therapies, and also the intrinsic appeal of implementing a more “natural” treatment. The enormous spectrum of pathophysiological mechanisms underlying the aforementioned diseases would suggest a degree of complexity that cannot be impacted universally by any single dietary treatment. Yet, it is conceivable that alterations in certain dietary constituents could affect the course and impact the outcome of these brain disorders. Further, it is possible that a final common neurometabolic pathway might be influenced by a variety of dietary interventions. The most notable example of a dietary treatment with proven efficacy against a neurological condition is the high-fat, low-carbohydrate ketogenic diet (KD) used in patients with medically intractable epilepsy. While the mechanisms through which the KD works remain unclear, there is now compelling evidence that its efficacy is likely related to the normalization of aberrant energy metabolism. The concept that many neurological conditions are linked pathophysiologically to energy dysregulation could well provide a common research and experimental therapeutics platform, from which the course of several neurological diseases could be favorably influenced by dietary means. Here we provide an overview of studies using the KD in a wide panoply of neurologic disorders in which neuroprotection is an essential component.

Introduction

The ketogenic diet (KD) is now a proven therapy for drug-resistant epilepsy (Vining et al., 1998; Neal et al., 2008), and while the mechanisms underlying its anticonvulsant effects remain incompletely understood (Hartman et al., 2007; Bough and Stafstrom, 2010; Rho and Stafstrom, 2011), there is mounting experimental evidence for its broad neuroprotective properties and in turn, emerging data supporting its use in multiple neurological disease states (Baranano and Hartman, 2008). Even in patients with medically refractory epilepsy who have remained seizure-free on the KD for 2years or more, it is not uncommon for clinicians to observe that both anticonvulsant medications and the diet can be successfully discontinued without recrudescence of seizures (Freeman et al., 2007). This intriguing clinical observation forms the basis of the hypothesis that the KD may possess anti-epileptogenic properties.

This review article explores the rationale for using the KD and related dietary treatments in neurological disorders outside of epilepsy, and summarizes the clinical experience to date. An underlying theme of such diet-based therapies is that nutrients and metabolic substrates can exert profound effects on neuronal plasticity, modifying neural circuits and cellular properties to enhance and normalize function. At a fundamental level, any disease in which the pathogenesis is influenced by abnormalities in cellular energy utilization – and this implies almost every known condition – would theoretically be amenable to the KD. It is important to acknowledge that much of the data discussed here are preliminary and anecdotal, and hence need to be validated by well-controlled prospective studies. Nevertheless, that diet and nutrition should influence brain function should not be altogether surprising, and there are already abundant clinical and laboratory data linking defects in energy metabolism to a wide variety of disease states (Waldbaum and Patel, 2010; Roth et al., 2011; Schiff et al., 2011). Thus, the potential for interesting and novel applications of the KD and related dietary therapies is almost limitless (Stafstrom, 2004).

Neuroprotective Role of the KD

Over the past decade, investigators have identified numerous mechanisms through which the KD may provide neuroprotective activity. While a comprehensive discussion of such mechanisms is beyond the scope of this chapter, a brief discussion is warranted as such actions are intimately related to disorders that share the common feature of progressive neurodegeneration and/or cellular bioenergetic dysfunction. The reader is referred to recent reviews for more details on this subject (Gasior et al., 2006; Acharya et al., 2008; Masino and Geiger, 2008).

Two hallmark features of KD treatment are the rise in ketone body production by the liver and a reduction in blood glucose levels. The elevation of ketones is largely a consequence of fatty acid oxidation. Specific polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) such as arachidonic acid, docosahexaenoic acid, and eicosapentaenoic acid, might themselves regulate neuronal membrane excitability by blocking voltage-gated sodium and calcium channels (Voskuyl and Vreugdenhil, 2001), reducing inflammation through activation of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptors (PPARs; Cullingford, 2008; Jeong et al., 2011), or inducing expression of mitochondrial uncoupling proteins which reduce reactive oxygen species (ROS) production (Bough et al., 2006; Kim do and Rho, 2008). Ketone bodies themselves have been shown to possess neuroprotective properties, by raising ATP levels and reducing ROS production through enhanced NADH oxidation and inhibition of mitochondrial permeability transition (mPT; Kim do et al., 2007). Along similar lines of improved bioenergetics, the KD has been shown to stimulate mitochondrial biogenesis, resulting in stabilized synaptic function (Bough et al., 2006).

The second major biochemical feature of the KD is the decrease in glycolytic flux. Reduction of glycolysis is an essential feature of calorie restriction, which has been shown to suppress seizures (Greene et al., 2001) as well as prolong the lifespan of numerous species, including primates (Kemnitz, 2011; Redman and Ravussin, 2011). While the link between calorie restriction and KD mechanisms remain controversial (Yamada, 2008; Maalouf et al., 2009), it is clear that both treatments result in reduction of blood glucose, likely involving reduced glycolytic flux. In that regard, 2-deoxy-d-glucose (2DG), an analog of glucose that blocks phosphoglucose isomerase and hence inhibits glycolysis, has been shown to block epileptogenesis in the rat kindling model by decreasing the expression of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and its principal receptor, tyrosine kinase B (TrkB; Garriga-Canut et al., 2006). Several other important mechanisms contribute to the neuroprotective consequences of calorie restriction, including improved mitochondrial function and decreased oxidative stress (similar to that seen with ketones and PUFAs), decreased activity of pro-apoptotic factors, and inhibition of inflammatory mediators such as interleukins and tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFα; Maalouf et al., 2009).

In the end, there are likely many other mechanisms that could contribute to the neuroprotective properties of the KD. Many of these mechanisms are thought to relate principally to the KD’s anticonvulsant effects, but some if not all of them could contribute to cellular homeostasis and preventing neuronal injury or dysfunction. An important caveat, however, is that yet unidentified mechanisms may operate in diseases outside of epilepsy, and this possibility presents further opportunities for examining the pleiotropic effects of this metabolism-based therapy at a mechanistic level.

The KD in Epilepsy

There is no longer any doubt that the KD is effective in ameliorating seizures in patients, especially children, with medically refractory epilepsy (Vining, 1999; Neal et al., 2008; Freeman et al., 2009). After its introduction in 1920, the KD was used as a first or second-line treatment for severe childhood epilepsy. With the introduction of anticonvulsant medications in convenient pill form, the use of the KD waned, only to resurge later in the early 1990s, due largely to the efforts of concerned parents who brought the diet back to greater public awareness (Wheless, 2008). Recent years have witnessed a remarkable surge in research on the KD, including basic science efforts as well as clinical protocols and trials (Kim do and Rho, 2008; Neal et al., 2008; Kessler et al., 2011). The KD has now become an integral part of the armamentarium of most major epilepsy centers throughout the world (Kossoff and McGrogan, 2005).

The KD in Aging

Aging involves the gradual decrease in function, and at times outright degeneration, of neurons and neural circuits. It is possible that by altering energy metabolism with the KD, rates of degeneration of certain neural structures and functions might be slowed (Balietti et al., 2010a). However, KDs may induce differential morphological effects in structures such as the hippocampus, perhaps as a consequence of region-specific neuronal vulnerability during the late aging process (Balietti et al., 2008). Specifically, it has been shown that the medium-chain triglyceride (MCT) form of the KD may induce detrimental synaptic changes in CA1 stratum moleculare, but beneficial effects in the outer molecular layer of the dentate gyrus (Balietti et al., 2008). In MCT-fed aged rats compared to aged rats receiving a normal diet, mitochondrial density and function in cerebellar Purkinje cells were significantly increased, suggesting that the KD can rescue age-related mitochondrial dysfunction (Balietti et al., 2010b). These observations imply certain risks, but also potential benefits of the KD for the aging brain. However, the fact that the KD reduces oxidative stress and its downstream consequences provides a reasonable rationale for considering this type of treatment to retard the adverse consequences during aging (Freemantle et al., 2009). As an example, T-maze and object recognition performance were improved in aged rats by KD administration, suggesting a potential functional benefit in cognition (Xu et al., 2010). Finally, it should be noted that because of its similarities to calorie restriction (as noted above), the KD is likely to involve other neuroprotective mechanisms that could ameliorate pathological aging – especially when occurring in the context of neurodegeneration (Contestabile, 2009).

The KD in Alzheimer Disease

There is growing realization that neuronal excitability is enhanced in patients with Alzheimer disease (AD; Noebels, 2011; Roberson et al., 2011). While the essential pathological processes of AD involves neuronal degeneration with accumulation of abnormal cellular products such as fibrillary plaques and tangles, recent evidence points to alterations in the function of extant neural circuits and mitochondrial homeostasis (Kapogiannis and Mattson, 2011). This view is bolstered by the higher incidence of seizures in patients with AD as compared to the unaffected population (Palop and Mucke, 2009). Therefore, there is a rationale for hypothesizing that the KD might have a beneficial role in patients with AD (Balietti et al., 2010a), in addition to the potential benefits to the aging process as noted above. One should note, importantly, that if ketone bodies are indeed the primary mediators that counter aging and neurodegeneration in AD, implementation of the KD should be tempered by known age-related differences in the production and extraction of ketones (i.e., this is more efficient in young animals), as well as age-specific regional differences in ketone utilization within the brain (Nehlig, 1999).

Clinical studies to date have been equivocal but promising. A randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of a MCT KD resulted in significantly improved cognitive functioning in APOε4-negative patients with AD but not in patients with a APOε4 mutation (Henderson et al., 2009). In this study, the primary cognitive end-points measured were the mean change from baseline in the AD Assessment Scale-Cognitive subscale, and global scores in the AD Cooperative Study – Clinical Global Impression of Change (Henderson et al., 2009). This significant clinical improvement was considered to be secondary to improved mitochondrial function, since ketone bodies (specifically, beta-hydroxybutyrate or BHB) have been shown to protect against the toxic effects of β-amyloid on neurons in culture (Kashiwaya et al., 2000). Alternatively, the KD may actually decrease amounts of β-amyloid deposition (VanderAuwera et al., 2005). Interestingly, other diets such as the Mediterranean diet are showing some promise in AD (Gu et al., 2010), possibly through a reduction in systemic inflammation and improved metabolic profiles.

Recent studies have shown a closer linkage of AD to epilepsy. For example, animal models of AD exhibit neuronal hyperexcitability and enhanced propensity to seizures (Palop et al., 2007; Roberson et al., 2011); these models may ultimately allow for detailed analyses of both cognitive and anticonvulsant effects of the KD or other dietary manipulations such as calorie restriction. Transgenic AD mice fed 2DG demonstrated better mitochondrial function, less oxidative stress, and reduced expression of amyloid precursor protein and β-amyloid compared to control animals (Yao et al., 2011).

Another pathophysiological mechanism hypothesized to operate in AD ties together altered mitochondrial function and glucose metabolism, i.e., accumulation of advanced glycation endproducts (AGE; Srikanth et al., 2011). AGE accumulation is a process of normal aging that is accelerated in AD; proteins are non-enzymatically glycosylated and this cross-linking of proteins accentuates their dysfunction. One proposed mechanism is increased ROS and free radical formation, which, as discussed above, hampers mitochondrial function. The intriguing possibility that AGE inhibitors (e.g., aminoguanidine, tenilsetam, carnosine) could act in concert with the KD or antioxidants in retarding AD progression remains speculative at this time.

Thus, there is growing evidence that the KD may be an effective treatment for AD through a variety of metabolism-induced mechanisms that reduce oxidative stress and neuroinflammation, and enhance bioenergetic profiles – largely through enhanced mitochondrial functioning. However, caution should be exercised in extrapolating findings in animals to humans, as discrepancies in terms of both clinical efficacy and untoward side-effects have been noted. For example, adverse reactions to calorie restriction have been reported in some rodent models (Maalouf et al., 2009), and in hippocampus, abnormal morphological synaptic changes have been observed in CA1 stratum moleculare (Balietti et al., 2008).

The KD in Parkinson Disease

The primary pathophysiology in Parkinson disease (PD) is excitotoxic degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra, leading to abnormalities of movement, and to an increasing extent, in cognition and other cortical functions. How could the KD benefit patients with PD? Based on the recognition that ketone bodies may bypass defects in mitochondrial complex I activity that have been implicated in PD, a small clinical study demonstrated that 5 of 7 affected patients showed improved scores on a standard PD rating scale (Vanitallie et al., 2005); however, given the small sample size, a placebo effect cannot be ruled out. In animal models of PD produced by 1-methyl-4-phenyl-1,2,3,6-tetrahydropyridine (MPTP), BHB administration ameliorated the mitochondrial respiratory chain damage that ordinarily results from that toxin (Kashiwaya et al., 2000). Additional evidence supporting the potential benefits of ketone bodies in PD is provided by in vitro experiments demonstrating the protective effects of these substrates against mitochondrial respiratory chain dysfunction induced exogenously by complex I and II inhibitors rotenone and 3-nitropropionic acid, respectively (Kim do et al., 2010), and even anti-inflammatory actions of the KD on MPTP-induced neurotoxicity (Yang and Cheng, 2010). It would be of interest to determine whether commercially available treatments that augment ketonemia – e.g., the MCT-based formulation used in a recent Alzheimer’s clinical trial (Henderson et al., 2009) – might benefit patients with PD.

The KD in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis

Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a rapidly progressive disease due to degeneration of motor neurons of the cortex and anterior horn of the spinal cord. As a consequence, voluntary motor activity gradually deteriorates, leaving the affected individual profoundly weak despite largely retained cognitive functioning. The essential pathophysiological mechanisms that underlie this relentless disorder are yet to be fully elucidated, but similar to other neurodegenerative disorders, the involvement of energy-producing systems likely play a role and mitochondrial dysfunction probably contributes to disease pathogenesis. In this regard, the KD may be a promising adjunctive treatment for this devastating disease (Siva, 2006), as evidenced in a mouse model of ALS, produced by knocking out the gene encoding the copper/zinc superoxide dismutase SOD1-G93A, causing progressive muscle weakness and death by respiratory failure. Administration of a KD to these mutant mice led to both histological (higher motor neuron counts) and functional improvements (preserved motor function on the rotorod test) compared to non-KD fed animals (Zhao et al., 2006). However, the KD did not extend survival time compared to non-KD fed control mice. Mitochondria from these mutant mice demonstrated increased ATP synthesis, countering the inhibition of complex I of the electron transport chain. It is important to note that approximately 20% of the familial cases of ALS have SOD1 mutations, and hence the possibility arises that the KD may be of benefit to patients with ALS.

One potentially important consideration in this regard – applicable to all neurodegenerative diseases – is determining whether timing of intervention is crucial for a protective effect by KD treatment. Neurological disorders in late stages of progression may have such extreme neuronal dysfunction and death to allow a “re-fueling” with metabolic substrates to help recover integrity and function. Certainly, this appears to be the case in a small pilot study of KD treatment in patients with Lafora body disease (Cardinali et al., 2006).

The Kd in Cancer

Cells that exhibit the most active metabolic rates (i.e., cancer cells) are most sensitive to the lack of metabolic energy to fuel their activity, a well-recognized biochemical phenomenon known as the Warburg effect. Theoretically, depriving rapidly dividing, highly metabolic cancer cells of their usual fuel supply, e.g., glucose (by use of the KD or 2DG), could be clinically therapeutic (Aft et al., 2002; Pelicano et al., 2006; Otto et al., 2008). Despite this well documented cellular observation, the KD has only recently been considered as a clinical treatment in the oncology field.

Pioneering work by Seyfried et al. (2011) over the past decade has shown that animals with experimentally produced brain tumors placed on a KD exhibit markedly decreased tumor growth rates, and these remarkable effects appear to be a consequence of calorie restriction (i.e., reduced blood glucose levels) rather than KD-induced ketosis (i.e., fatty acid oxidation) as the principal mechanism. Other investigators have found similar effects of the KD in animal models. One group found that the KD reduces ROS production in malignant glioma cells, and gene microarray expression profiling demonstrated that the KD induces an overall reversion to patterns seen in non-tumor specimens and a reduction in the expression of genes encoding signal transduction pathways and growth factors known to be involved in glioma growth (Stafford et al., 2010). It is also interesting to note that PPARα-activated by nutrients such as fatty acids – is now a target for developing anti-cancer drugs that target mitochondrial metabolism (Grabacka et al., 2010).

While clinical validation of this phenomenon is not yet forthcoming, there are several case reports suggesting that the KD may be efficacious in humans with brain tumors. Nebeling et al. (1995) reported beneficial effects of an MCT-based diet in two pediatric patients with advanced stage malignant astrocytomas. More recently, Zuccoli et al. (2010) described a case study of an elderly woman with glioblastoma multiforme who was treated with standard radiotherapy plus concomitant temozolomide therapy together with a calorie-restricted KD, and a complete absence of brain tumor tissue was noted on FDT–PET and MRI imaging after 2months of treatment – results the authors attributed in part to the adjunctive dietary treatment. Further, in a pilot trial of the KD in 16 patients with advanced metastatic tumors, six individuals reported improved emotional functioning and less insomnia, indicating that in some instances, the KD may lead to improved quality of life (Schmidt et al., 2011). In contrast, a retrospective examination of five patients with tuberous sclerosis complex treated with the KD indicated either a lack of tumor suppression or further tumor growth (Chu-Shore et al., 2010). Thus, it may be that distinct tumor types within different organ systems may respond differently to the KD or other dietary treatments and that such differences may reflect variations in the metabolic vulnerability of specific tumor types, perhaps through intrinsic differences in the expression of metabolism-related genes (Stafford et al., 2010).

The KD in Stroke

To date, no clinical trials of the KD have been performed in patients with stroke, but several animal studies of hypoxia-ischemia support the potential beneficial effect of the diet. Most of these models entail pre-treatment with the KD (or with BHB), resulting in decreased structural and functional damage from the stroke. For example, Tai et al. (2008) utilized a cardiac arrest model in rats and found significantly reduced Fluoro-Jade staining in animals that underwent 25days of pre-treatment with the KD. These investigators later determined that these effects were not due to involvement of plasmalemmal ATP-sensitive potassium channels (Tai et al., 2009), which have been implicated in ketone body action (Ma et al., 2007). Other researchers have hypothesized that the neuroprotective properties of ketone bodies might be related to up-regulation of hypoxia inducible factor (HIF1-α) which is important in angiogenesis and anti-apoptotic activity (Puchowicz et al., 2008). In that study, pre-treatment with BHB (via intraventricular infusion, followed by middle cerebral artery occlusion) led to significant increases in brain succinate content, as well as elevations in HIF1-α and Bcl-2, an anti-apoptotic protein. To be clinically meaningful, of course, a positive effect must be demonstrable after, and not before, an ischemic event. Nevertheless, such studies imply that biochemical alterations that favor energy metabolism would be protective against acute forms of severe brain injury.

The KD in Mitochondrial Disorders

As mentioned above, given the growing evidence that the KD enhances mitochondrial functioning and biogenesis (Bough et al., 2006; Maalouf et al., 2009; Kim do et al., 2010), it is logical to ask whether patients with known mitochondrial cytopathies might derive a benefit from the KD and/or ketone bodies such as BHB. At the same time, it must be considered that inherent mitochondrial dysfunction might predispose individuals to adverse toxicities from high fatty acid loads that could overwhelm β-oxidation within the mitochondrial matrix. Experimental data described above attest to significant improvements in mitochondrial function, and many lines of evidence point to the rationale of therapeutically targeting mitochondrial bioenergetics for other disease states (Wallace et al., 2010), but is there any clinical evidence in patients with intrinsic mitochondrial disorders? Kang et al. (2007) reported that the KD was both safe and effective in 14 pediatric patients with established mitochondrial defects in complexes I, II, and IV, all of whom had medically intractable epilepsy. These authors observed that half of these patients became seizure-free on the KD, and only four patients failed to respond. Hence, these preliminary data suggest that the KD is not necessarily contraindicated in patients with mitochondrial respiratory chain abnormalities. However, KD treatment is not recommended in individuals with primary carnitine deficiencies [including mutations in carnitine palmitoyl transferase (CPT) I or II and mitochondrial translocase] and fatty acid β-oxidation abnormalities (e.g., medium-chain acyl dehydrogenase deficiency; Kossoff et al., 2009). Thus, it is critical to determine the specific mitochondrial defect when considering treatment with the KD, to avert clinical deterioration.

The KD in Brain Trauma

Unfortunately, the incidence of brain injury is increasing in both civilian and military contexts. Brain injury, either due to a penetrating injury or to blunt/blast trauma, can lead to severe cognitive and motor consequences. Further, the occurrence of epilepsy months to years following brain trauma adds to the morbidity of affected individuals, and speaks to the emergence of hyperexcitable neuronal circuits over time. Hence, in light of the clinical problem of post-traumatic epileptogenesis and the fact that the KD can reduce seizure activity, the notion has emerged that dietary therapy might ameliorate brain injury and possibly, long-term consequences such as epilepsy.

Several recent animal studies support this idea, and investigators have principally focused on ketone bodies (Prins, 2008a). Using a controlled cortical impact (CCI) injury model, Prins et al. (2005) showed that pre-treatment with a KD significantly reduced cortical contusion volume in an age-related manner that correlated with maturation-dependent differences in cerebral metabolism and ketone utilization. Later, they showed that cognitive and motor functioning was also improved with KD treatment (Appelberg et al., 2009). Further, using a weight drop model, Hu et al. (2009) showed that the KD pre-treatment reduced Bcl-2 (also known as Bax) mRNA and protein levels 72h after trauma, indicating that apoptotic neurodegeneration could be prevented with this diet. Consistent with these observations, it was found that fasting – which shares the key feature of ketosis with the KD – led to significant tissue sparing in brain following CCI injury, and that again ketosis (with improved mitochondrial functioning) rather than the relative hypoglycemia seen with fasting was the important determinant of neuroprotection (Davis et al., 2008).

With respect to anti-epileptogenesis following head injury, the data regarding KD effects are mixed. KD treatment – either before or after fluid percussion injury in rats – did not alter later seizure sensitivity to fluorothyl, even though the degree of hippocampal cell loss was reduced by pre- but not post-treatment (Schwartzkroin et al., 2010). Similarly, in the lithium–pilocarpine model of temporal lobe epilepsy, KD treatment prior to induction led to morphological neuroprotection in the hippocampus but did not affect latency to onset of spontaneous recurrent seizures (Linard et al., 2010). In contrast, Jiang et al. (2012) recently reported that the KD increased after-discharge thresholds and reduced generalized seizure occurrence in a rat amygdala kindling model. Thus, at this juncture, there is no consensus regarding whether the KD is anti-epileptogenic following a variety of traumatic insults and manipulations. However, given the recent finding that the KD inhibits the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) pathway (McDaniel et al., 2011), which has been linked to modulation of epileptogenesis (McDaniel and Wong, 2011), further studies in different animal models are clearly warranted. What is unambiguous, nevertheless, is the age-dependence of the effects of the KD in ameliorating the consequences of head injury (Prins, 2008b; Deng-Bryant et al., 2011).

The KD in Psychiatric Disorders (Depression)

Mood stabilizing properties of the KD have been hypothesized (El-Mallakh and Paskitti, 2001), but no clinical studies have been conducted as of this writing. The potential role of the KD in depression has been studied in the forced choice model of depression in rats, which led to a beneficial effect similar to that afforded by conventional antidepressants (Murphy et al., 2004; Murphy and Burnham, 2006).

The KD in Autism

Autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder that affects language development and social function. The heterogeneous etiologies leading to autism spectrum disorders, plus the uncertainty about what causes autism in the majority of “idiopathic” cases, has hampered the development of a universally beneficial treatment, aside from symptomatic treatment of autism-related behaviors such as aggression or anxiety. Now, limited clinical evidence raises the intriguing possibility that the KD might be helpful to alleviate some of the abnormal behaviors seen in children with autism spectrum disorders. Using a KD variant consisting of MCT, 10 of 18 autistic children demonstrated moderate or significant behavioral improvement (by a blinded rater) after a 6-month trial of providing the diet for 4weeks of KD diet treatment alternating with 2weeks of normal diet, in 6-week cycles (Evangeliou et al., 2003). This study was carried out on the island of Crete, where the frequency of autism is high but the possibility of genetic inbreeding is also significant. Therefore, these findings need to be interpreted cautiously and larger longitudinal studies are needed. The potential involvement of adenosine, an endogenous neuromodulator and anticonvulsant, in ameliorating autistic behaviors raises the possibility of overlap with KD mechanisms (Masino et al., 2011). As a caveat, many children with autism poorly tolerate changes in dietary and other routines, which could impact implementation of dietary therapies, which require strict adherence.

The KD in Migraine

Migraine is a paroxysmal neurological disorder having considerable clinical phenotypic overlap with epilepsy (Rogawski, 2008). Although the intrinsic mechanisms underlying seizures and migraine attacks differ in many fundamental respects, there are theoretical reasons to consider the KD for chronic migraine. Both disorders involve paroxysmal excitability changes in the brain, and there is considerable overlap in the array of pharmacological agents used to treat these conditions. Although it might seem unlikely that an individual with migraine would undertake such a complicated dietary regimen as the KD, in light of suboptimal alternatives, this choice is worthy of consideration, particularly in the medically refractory population (Maggioni et al., 2011).

Interestingly, the first report of using the KD for migraine came in 1928, only a few years after the diet’s first use for epilepsy (Schnabel, 1928). Nine of 28 patients reported “some improvement,” although the validity of this clinical study is uncertain and some patients admitted poor compliance. Compliance might be better with the less restrictive modified Atkins diet, which has also shown promise for migraine treatment (Kossoff et al., 2010). Other case reports exist but there are no large clinical series or trials. Notwithstanding this limitation, laboratory investigations have found that both short-term and long-term treatment with either MCT or long-chain triglyceride forms of the KD resulted in a significant reduction in the velocity of cortical spreading depression (CSD) velocity in immature rats (de Almeida Rabello Oliveira et al., 2008). Another intriguing aspect of this study was the observation that triheptanoin – an anaplerotic substrate that enhances tricarboxylic acid cycle function – had a notable effect in retarding CSD, consistent with a later report that triheptanoin supplementation raised pentylenetetrazol tonic seizure threshold and delayed the development of corneal kindled seizures (Willis et al., 2010).

Summary

Despite the relative lack of clinical data, there is an emerging literature supporting the broad use of the KD (and its variants) against a variety of neurological conditions. These preliminary studies are largely based on the fundamental idea that metabolic shifts may lead to neuroprotective actions (Gasior et al., 2006; Maalouf et al., 2009). How can a simple dietary change lead to improvement in disorders with such a huge span of pathophysiological mechanisms? Alterations in energy metabolism appear to be a common theme. So while the mechanisms through which the KD exerts such effects are likely diverse (Maalouf et al., 2009; Rho and Stafstrom, 2011), there may indeed be one or more common final pathways that are mechanistically shared. Ultimately, the details of how that altered metabolism reduces neuronal excitability, abrogates ongoing neurodegeneration, or mitigates functional disability remain unknown. Herein lay rich opportunities for further investigation, in both the laboratory and the clinic, in the broad realm of translational neurosciences.

Conflict of Interest Statement

The authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.

Read the full study here: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3321471/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
831,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Surgically removing gallbladders has become big business for surgeons. There are around 750,000 surgeries for removing gall bladders in the USA each year. It’s estimated that 10 to 15 percent are emergency removals that are almost life or death necessities. The other 85 to 90 percent, are elective.

Those who complain about pains under the right side of the rib cage or are experiencing digestion and/or elimination issues can be diagnosed with gallstones after further examination. The diagnosis explains the pains and digestive issues, but mainstream medicine usually has one solution: have them surgically removed in order to no longer have gallstones or other gallbladder issues.

The medical advice given to those who undergo operations to have gallbladders removed is that the gallbladder is not a necessary organ. They say it’s not needed and it’s causing you problems so why not cut it out?

The gallbladder is not a bad tooth. Its contribution to digestion and ultimately to homeostatic metabolism is actually very significant.

Gallbladder Functions

The gallbladder is part of the liver and digestive operation. It is a small sack connected under the much larger liver. It shares a bile duct with the liver that injects bile into the duodenum, the gateway from the stomach to the small intestines. This shared bile duct is known as the common bile duct.

The duodenum is a short tube that connects from the stomach to the small intestines, after stomach acids break down food recently eaten into a mushy solution of small pieces called chyme. The other shared part of the common bile duct directs bile into the gallbladder, which stores and concentrates the bile as needed by the duodenum to inject into the small intestines.

The liver is credited with creating bile, but the process begins initially from a chemical adaptation of cholesterol that creates two primary bile acids, which the liver modifies further into some other acids that includes the creation of bile salts. The purpose of bile is to break down fats to enable digestion and metabolism of fatty acids.

This process is non-stop with the liver under normal circumstances. But it’s easy to see how bile shortages can occur with liver health issues. The potential for adverse health consequences that often occur after removing the gallbladder are even worse.

When there is no storage that can easily be tapped for bile, for what the gastrointestinal tract (GI tract) needs, bile distribution can run amuck and cause some rather nasty outcomes. Bile is needed to digest fats.

After reviewing a few educational sites on this topic where comment sections wound up being chat sites or bulletin boards, it seemed for every one successful post-gallbladder removal (cholecystectomy) commentary there were five complaints of varying intensity.

And even most of the successful ones were on some sort of medication or taking bile salts and avoiding certain foods. And it’s certain that among them, some had very little experience of good health to even know the difference.

External bile replacements don’t duplicate the mixture of enzymes involved with bile created from our livers. Enzymes are considered the most important nutrients behind water and oxygen. Without them very little will happen metabolically with minerals and vitamins and our digestive capacity is hampered.

Removing an organ that is vital for digesting fats and leaving the liver’s bile production to flow freely into the rest of the GI tract is a foolish solution to gallbladder stone complaints that can be remedied naturally in several ways.

How Gallstones are Formed

The most common type of gallstone is called a cholesterol gallstone. It has a yellow-green color. Some health writers and practitioners claim the greenish particles eliminated with a gallstone purge are caused by the agent used for the flush or are simply undigested fat globules not stones.

But the gallbladder is not where fat is digested. It’s where bile is concentrated and stored for distribution on demand into the small intestine through the duodenum.

Another perspective is that gallstones are clumps of cholesterol. Although the process of creating bile does involve cholesterol initially, this seems another effort at vilifying cholesterol, an easy scapegoat for medical and nutritional dogma.

Since bile is the result of several biochemical alterations, perhaps somewhere along the line of creating bile something didn’t go right. At any rate, those greenish-yellowish chunks of matter that can be eliminated with a gallstone purge are gallstones, not fats from the virgin cold pressed olive oil used for a purge that is explained in this earlier Health Impact News article.

Pigment gallstones are dark brown or black stones that form when your bile contains too much bilirubin that comes from broken down red blood cells. These are much less common and are usually found among those with serious liver diseases like cirrhosis.

Mainstream Medical Treatments

Gallstones that get caught in the common bile duct are more dangerous and painful than gallstones in the gallbladder. They can be removed without cutting, (through the abdomen), and throwing out the gallbladder, by a skilled physician trained in endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP).

With ERCP, the doctor inserts an endoscope through your mouth down to the small intestine and through the duodenum to inject a dye, allowing the bile ducts to be seen. He can then often remove any gallstones that have moved into the ducts. Anesthesia is involved of course.

Since the gallbladder is considered unnecessary by mainstream medicine and not all MDs are trained to perform ERCP, the gallbladder is usually completely removed surgically. More advanced surgical procedures allow patients to leave after a one night stay, while the older methods will force one’s hospital stay to last a few days. (Source)

Among post-gallbladder removal patients, many experience uncontrollable diarrhea that alternates with constipation, variations of IBS (irritable bowel syndrome), and food digestive issues. These challenges are often responded to medically with pharmaceutical bile acid sequestrants.

These drugs are actually cholesterol reducing, but some can be prescribed off label for absorbing excess bile in places where it shouldn’t be. One drug commonly prescribed for those now without gallbladders, Welchol, has side effects and runs around $600 for 180 tablets that are taken in various quantities ranging from two a day to six or eight.

Those whose overall health condition is enough to make surgery a definite personal hazard are prescribed various pharmaceuticals that are meant to dissolve the stones. These pharmaceutical drugs are not very effective and carry their fair share of side effects.

Healing the Gallbladder Naturally Without Surgical Intervention

Unless there is a life or death emergency involving the gallbladder, it’s not necessary to go through any of these invasive procedures. A gallstone flush, often mistakenly called a liver cleanse, is something anyone can do. Details are explained in an earlier Health Impact News article. See:

Read it carefully and use the embedded links within the article that connect to other versions of the gallbladder flush. The lower half of that same article also describes herbal solutions to eliminate or help eliminate gallstones without using harsh pharmaceutical chemicals that have side effects. It’s all here.

Dietary remedies include abstaining from processed foods, fast foods, and unhealthy trans fatty hydrogenated fats, while incorporating more healthy whole fats into the diet. Fatty acids from healthy fat sources, whether vegetable, fruit, or livestock, are needed by our bodies. (Sources)

What You MUST Know If You Don’t Have a Gallbladder",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32279,"A California mother had her newborn child kidnapped in Los Angeles earlier this month (July 2016). Lori Ibrahim had her 2-day old infant seized from her right after giving birth at Kaiser Permanente South Bay Medical Center. Apparently, Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS) and doctors at Kaiser determined that this mother, who already was parenting a five year old son that she was awarded sole custody in a divorce case, was a danger to her newborn son, and removed him from her care while she was trying to breast-feed him. Why? That's the question that Lori and her husband have been asking the past couple of weeks, as not only has DCFS taken away their newborn baby, but also her 5 year old son in what appears to be another tragic case of State-sponsored medical kidnapping, where the State steps in and takes children away from good parents for reasons other than abuse. Unbeknownst to her, Lori was given a urine drug test at the hospital that she was never informed about, nor had given consent. Since she had been prescribed medications by her OB Gyn during pregnancy, and because she had received drugs from the hospital during the birth of her baby who was delivered by a surgical cesarean procedure, it is not surprising that the drug test was positive. A drug test was then taken for the baby, and the baby tested clean for the presence of any drugs. Nevertheless, doctors ordered DCFS to take custody of the baby away from his mother, and treat the baby with methadone, a powerful drug used to wean people off of drugs like heroin. Lori was not only robbed of her children, but declared to be a child abuser with no formal charges, no proper investigation, and no trial or chance to defend herself, effectively ending her 15 year career as a child educator. Lori contacted National Safe Child and Health Impact News recently, as she wants the world to hear her story, and to understand the injustice done to her family with LA County DCFS apparently conspiring with medical professionals to kidnap her children.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33366,"Eyes Work Without Connection to Brain: Ectopic Eyes Function Without Natural Connection to Brain

ScienceDaily [1]

Excerpts:

For the first time, scientists have shown that transplanted eyes located far outside the head in a vertebrate animal model can confer vision without a direct neural connection to the brain. Biologists at Tufts University School of Arts and Sciences used a frog model to shed new light — literally — on one of the major questions in regenerative medicine, bioengineering, and sensory augmentation research.

“One of the big challenges is to understand how the brain and body adapt to large changes in organization,” says Douglas J. Blackiston, Ph.D., first author of the paper “Ectopic Eyes Outside the Head in Xenopus Tadpoles Provide Sensory Data For Light-Mediated Learning,” in the February 27 issue of the Journal of Experimental Biology. “Here, our research reveals the brain’s remarkable ability, or plasticity, to process visual data coming from misplaced eyes, even when they are located far from the head.”

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2013/02/130227183311.htm [1]

In a Tadpole’s Eye: Another Case of Darwinism’s Plasticity Problem

by David Klinghoffer

Evolution News and Views

Excerpts:

Once you get over the slightly disturbing aspects of some recent experiments at Tufts University, you realize it’s just another fine demonstration of Darwinism’s plasticity problem that James Barham [2] has repeatedly emphasized. Plasticity refers to the ability of animal bodies to remarkably adapt themselves to challenges that otherwise you might expect to be catastrophic. Tufts biologists have now succeeded in granting something close to vision to tadpoles by planting an ectopic eye in their tail. The eye has no connection to the brain, only to the spinal cord, yet somehow visual data is being effectively gathered and analyzed.

Here and at his own blog, Barham has pointed out that such plasticity cannot be accounted for in Darwinian terms: no animal in the history of life was previously rewarded by natural selection for being able to survive with visual information being somehow assimilated via the spinal cord (a serious enigma in itself) after its were eyes extracted and a friend’s eye surgically emplaced in its tail.

This is one of many amazing instances of similar phenomena. Barham has written:

Organisms of all sorts are capable of intelligent, goal-directed, adaptive behavior that cannot possibly be accounted for on the basis of the theory of natural selection. Never in the evolutionary history of human beings was there selection for “seeing” with the tongue. Never in the evolutionary history of fruit flies was there selection for adaptation to an inverted visual field. Never in the evolutionary history of ferrets was there selection for the brain reorganization necessary to see with the auditory cortex. And never in the evolutionary history of the slime mold was there selection for solving mazes. Of course, the Darwinist will say that there is no need to posit past selection for plasticity. Instead, we will be invited to view plasticity as a “spandrel” — an accidental side effect of other abilities that were selected for. But that would be entirely ad hoc. There is absolutely no evidence to support such a claim. Moreover, it would be absurd, in terms of the relative significance of cause and effect. To say that the massive reorganization exhibited by the brain in the first three experiments is a side effect of selection for some specific neural trait like vision would be like saying that binocular vision in all its complexity is a side effect of selection for the retina or selection for the lens. It would be to confuse the tail with the dog. Another strategy that the desperate Darwinist might adopt would be to posit selection for an entirely general capacity for intelligent, goal-directed plasticity. That is certainly a more promising way to go. However, such a strategy would still be tantamount to admitting defeat. Why? Because it would be to acknowledge the existence of a fundamental, inherent, and quite general biological principle of what we might call “adaptivity.” Why would that matter? Because the main task of Darwinian theory is to “reduce” teleology and normativity to mechanism. Therefore, as soon as the Darwinist admits the reality of a general capacity for adaptivity extending throughout all of the living world, he has already given away the whole ballgame.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.evolutionnews.org/2013/03/in_a_tadpoles_e069691.html [3]

[4]

Free Shipping Available! [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32981,"Almost a year after her youngest set of twins was taken by Child Protective Services, a Tennessee mother was arrested this week and charged with 2 counts of felony child neglect. Tamika Seagraves was blindsided by the arrest when she appeared for a child support hearing on Tuesday, October 24. Friends are trying to raise money to get her out of jail. According to the Nashville and Davidson County court website, her bond is set at $$20,000. Her arraignment is set for 9 am on November 8 at the Justice A.A. Birch Building Courthouse in Nashville, Tennessee. Tamika has been fighting to get the twins back home since they were medically kidnapped in January 2017 by the Department of Children's Services, due to their low weight. She has always believed that their seizure by DCS had less to do with their weight and more to do with the unusual circumstances of their birth. Zaylen and Zaliyah were born on December 5, 2016. They were premature - born at 34 weeks. They were the third set of fraternal twins born to their mother, and all 3 sets of twin were a boy and girl pair. Their oldest brother Zayden died in the hospital at 13 days old. He and his twin Ziria were micro-preemies, born at just 24 weeks gestation. Two years later, Tamika Seagraves gave birth to another set of twins - Jordan and Jaliyah, born at 35 weeks. Again, tragedy struck when little Jordan passed away in his sleep. He was almost 2 months old. DCS removed Jaliyah from her home at that time, accusing Tamika of demonstrating “erratic behaviors” because she refused vaccinations, stopped a medication for her child out of concerns for its side effects, and “tried to have Jaliyah seen by a holistic chiropractor as opposed to a pediatrician.” While Tamika was fighting the state to get Jaliyah back, she gave birth to her third set of twins. When they were born, Tamika determined not to take any chances with their health. She refused all vaccines, the Vitamin K shot, the eye ointment, and circumcision for her son. She chose to exclusively breastfeed. Whistleblowers who are NICU nurses have confirmed that they have seen premature infants injured in the NICU by vaccines, and a 2015 study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association found that there are adverse effects from vaccinating very low birth-weight infants. Now, her biggest fear, according to her close friend who contacted Health Impact News, is that her babies will be vaccinated and her son circumcised without her consent.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24045,"Universal Health Services Psychiatric Hospital Chain Under Department of Defense & FBI Investigation

CCHR Continues to Expose Patient Abuse & Fraud in a $$50 Billion Per Year For-Profit Mental Health Industry

By CCHR International [1]

The U.S. Department of Defense (DOD) and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) have joined the multi-Federal agency investigations into the largest psychiatric hospital chain owned by Universal Health Services (UHS). The agencies are “scrutinizing UHS’s billings to Tricare, the insurance plan for active military and their families,” according to the latest BuzzFeed News expose.[1] [2] Rosalind Adams, an award-winning journalist with BuzzFeedNews, conducted an independent investigation into UHS saying that investigators have cited “troubling reports suggesting a pattern of quality of care issues [3]” or “harm to patients” in some UHS facilities operating in a dozen states.[2] [4]

In April 2017, Senator Charles Grassley, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, also called for a federal probe into UHS’s behavioral facilities [5], describing one Tulsa, Oklahoma facility, Shadow Mountain Behavioral Health, as having “a pattern of conduct that is extremely concerning and casts a dark cloud over UHS’s ability to properly care for its patients.”[3] [6]

In 2010, the Citizens Commission on Human Rights International (CCHR), a 48 year mental health watchdog, began documenting abuses that employees and former employees of UHS psychiatric facilities, patients and their families reported to it. CCHR has filed more than 4,000 complaints to law enforcement, health officials, state FBI agencies, Federal and State legislators, and to the state branches of Tricare. These also disclosed numerous psychiatrists affiliated with UHS and other for-profit behavioral health care facilities as top national and state prescribers of psychotropic drugs. The psychiatrists have billed millions of dollars each year to Medicare Part D (prescriptions).

Concerned by the use of psychotropic drugs on military personnel and veterans, CCHR’s complaints noted that UHS developed a Patriot Support Program, providing treatment for active duty members in the Armed Forces. Veterans and their families are also treated in UHS behavioral facilities. Shadow Mountain accepts Tricare and VA insurance.[4] [7] CCHR welcomes any DOD investigation into potential fraudulent Tricare billing.

Senator Grassley also wrote to the Joint Commission [8], an accrediting organization that conducts surveys of healthcare facilities, asking to explain how it came to award a “Gold Seal of Approval” to Shadow Mountain.

In response, the Joint Commission sent inspectors to Shadow Mountain who found “evidence of non-compliance of standards” in at least eight areas, including provision of care, treatment and services. Senator Grassley wasn’t happy about this and sent another letter calling on The Joint Commission for more transparency about what the surveyors had found, including releasing the hospital’s full accreditation reports to the public.[5] [9]

Since 2013, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services (OIG-HHS) have been investigating UHS’s behavioral facilities.[6] [10] Currently, there are 26 of these facilities under investigation for potential billing fraud in nine states—Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Texas, Utah and Virginia.[7] [11] In 2015, UHS’s headquarters in Pennsylvania was also added to the investigations.

Five years after the Federal investigations began UHS’s track record hasn’t changed. On April 10, 2017, the state of Massachusetts filed a suit against UHS in federal court, accusing it of illegally charging Medicaid for outpatient mental health care by unqualified staff. As Modern Healthcare reported, “UHS this year has faced scrutiny” over allegations that the “for-profit hospital operator kept psychiatric patients longer than necessary to milk their insurance.” Massachusetts has asked for treble damages on the just over $$94.2 million in reimbursements it made to UHS between 2005 and 2013, as well as civil penalties, or a total of more than $$282 million.[8] [12]

UHS has continued to receive annual Medicaid revenues in excess of $$100 million from each of California, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Illinois, Texas, Washington, D.C., Nevada, and Virginia—or greater than $$800 million a year, according to UHS’s Securities and Exchange Commission filing in December 2016.[9] [13]

Overhaul Needed of For-Profit Behavioral Industry

CCHR has also pointed out in its many complaints that there needs to be an overhaul of how for-profit behavioral facilities are able to repeatedly be investigated for patient abuse and poor conditions by state health care agencies and the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) and be continually funded by CMS, because they only need submit CMS “Correction Plans” and/or Corporate Integrity Agreements (CIAs), and are able to continue operating—only to repeat the offenses.

In August 2015, CMS said it would cut Medicare and Medicaid funding to UHS’s Timberlawn hospital in Dallas, Texas. The hospital had flunked multiple safety inspections, including the monitoring of suicidal patients, and had failed to make promised improvements. CMS inspectors also found Timberlawn workers had falsified records to avoid scrutiny in a patient-harm case.[10] [14] Timberlawn had already come under investigation in April 2013 for allegations of Medicare fraud and improper treatment of Medicaid patients. There were allegations then that suicidal patients were not properly monitored.

Despite this and CMS terminating Timberlawn’s contract on August 31, 2015, CMS subsequently allowed UHS and Timberlawn to reapply for the CSM program. In March, 2016, the Texas Department of State Health Services (DSHS) moved to close Timberlawn, revoke its license and impose a $$1 million fine over safety breaches that included a suicide and violent fights among patients.[11] [15] As of August that year, DSHS had not enforced the fine.[12] [16]

In 2013, The Boston Globe reported on repeated citations for understaffing ad poor worker training at UHS facilities. Then on 9 February 2017, they reported that when the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) cited UHS’s Arbour-HRI psychiatric hospital for lack of staff safety due to assaults on staff by patients (often prescribed psychotropic drugs that can induce or increase violent behavior), OSHA issued a five-page citation on January 19, but the facility was only fined $$12,675.[13] [17]

In November 2016, the Service Employees International Union opposed UHS’s application to establish a psychiatric facility in Wilsonville, Washington County, Oregon, citing: “UHS has repeatedly been the subject of news reports, lawsuits, and state and federal regulatory citations for failing to provide a safe care setting to prevent suicide incidents within their facilities.” SEIU also pointed out that while “UHS touts Joint Accreditation as a marker of quality care, many of its Joint Commission-accredited facilities have had serious quality of care breakdowns, some of which even involved patient deaths.”[14] [18]

Expanding the Potential Abuse into the UK

The fact that UHS is allowed to acquire or establish any new psychiatric facility while under federal investigation is astonishing, CCHR says. It has also been allowed to expand its behavioral empire in the United Kingdom, where it acquired the Cygnet psychiatric hospital chain in 2014, then completed its acquisition of another chain, Cambian Group, PLC’s Adult Services Division in December 2016. UHS now owns 102 psychiatric facilities in the UK. In November 2015, CCHR wrote the UK Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) [19], the National Health Service (NHS) and the Care Quality Commission (CQC) warning about the allegations against UHS’s psychiatric operations in the U.S.

Mental Health Fraud is Systemic

The private for-profit mental health system requires greater oversight. Governments must learn from the systemic abuse that was previously exposed. Over the past two decades, CCHR has documented over $$3.7 billion in criminal and civil fraud settlements and fines in the behavioral hospital sector. It says existing investigations into the for-profit mental health industry should be widened, with accountability and results shown for funds expended on it.

In the 1990s, CCHR led a campaign to expose the shocking fraud committed in the private mental health sector, namely in National Medical Enterprises (NME) facilities and Charter Behavioral Health hospitals. It provided evidence then on fraud to law enforcement and the FBI. In summary:

In 1993, in one of the biggest health care fraud investigations undertaken at that time, there were multi-Federal agency raids on NME.[15] [20] The company paid over $$379 million in criminal and civil fines to the Federal government. NME became Tenet Healthcare in 1995.[16] [21]

The company paid over $$379 million in criminal and civil fines to the Federal government. NME became Tenet Healthcare in 1995.[16] Charter Behavioral Healthcare bought NME’s facilities in 1994, and following DOJ and HHS investigations, in 2000 Charter filed for bankruptcy.[17] [22] It also agreed to pay $$7 million to settle allegations of overcharging Medicare and other federal programs.[18] [23] UHS then bought 12 of Charter’s mental health facilities.[19] [24]

It also agreed to pay $$7 million to settle allegations of overcharging Medicare and other federal programs.[18] UHS then bought 12 of Charter’s mental health facilities.[19] In 2010, UHS also bought out Psychiatric Solutions Inc. (PSI), including its then legal liabilities. This included a lawsuit against PSI filed on September 21, 2009 on behalf of shareholders over allegations that “PSI failed to sufficiently staff its facilities, resulting in alarming incidents of abuse, neglect, and even death of its patients, and downplayed the significance of these events when they became public.” The case settled for $$65 million in 2015.[20] [25] All but one of the current corporate officers of another company that owns psychiatric facilities, Acadia Healthcare, is a previous owner and/or officer of PSI.

All but one of the current corporate officers of another company that owns psychiatric facilities, Acadia Healthcare, is a previous owner and/or officer of PSI. Hospital Corp of America (HCA) was originally Columbia Corporation. In 1997, HCA/Columbia was indicted for Medicare fraud and to settle the civil and criminal charges against it, it paid $$1.74 billion in fines.[21] [26] The Chief Strategy Office of HCA (who up until recently was the president of its behavioral services) is the former co-chief operating officer of PSI.[22] [27]

A $$50 Billion Industry Sets its Sights on More Patients

UHS, Acadia Healthcare, equity firms and consultants on behavioral health mergers saw the passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, as a “mental health gold rush.”[23] [28] By 2014, IBIS World estimated the US behavioral health market would be about $$50 billion in revenues. The major players were (and remain): UHS, Acadia HealthCare, Tenet Healthcare and HCA Holdings.[24] [29] Globally, it is estimated that the behavioral “rehabilitation” market [30] is expected to reach $$313.9 billion by 2025. The major mergers and acquisitions include those UK acquisitions by UHS and Acadia Healthcare which acquired the U.K.-based Priory Group.[25] [31]

The UHS scandal is symptomatic of a system that there are insufficient controls and accountability, where fraud can be committed against government programs, and those responsible continue to operate, including the psychiatrists treating hundreds of thousands of Americans in such facilities.

When patients’ welfare and lives are potentially put at risk, it shouldn’t take CMS officers being forced to threaten to terminate contracts to get one of the largest psychiatric hospital chains in the nation to do the right thing—ensuring their subsidiary hospitals maintain CMS standards at all times. It shouldn’t take more than one Plan of Correction to ensure safeguards to prevent sexual assault of patients—by fellow residents or staff. Or to ensure that patients are never neglected to the point that they commit suicide or are restrained to the point of being harmed and even killed.

CCHR continues to call for not only Federal and State investigations but effective action that shuts down a failed and abusive psychiatric-behavioral system that seems to put profit before patients.

Read the entire article at CCHR International [1]

References:

[1] [32] “Largest US Psychiatric Chain Faces Widening Investigation For Holding Patients To Boost Profits,” BuzzFeedNews, 23 May 2017, https://www.buzzfeed.com/rosalindadams/largest-us-psychiatric-chain-faces-widening-investigation?utm_term=.nk72e0DOrw#.usXnv1JMb0 [33].

[2] [34] Rosalind Adams, “Intake: Locked on the Psych Ward,” BuzzFeed News, 7 Dec. 2016, https://www.buzzfeed.com/rosalindadams/intake?utm_term=.vbWyDALb9V#.wglzdY1p39 [35].

[3] [36] “Sen. Grassley Turns Up The Heat On Nation’s Largest Psychiatric Chain,” BuzzFeedNews, 17 Apr., 2017, https://www.buzzfeed.com/rosalindadams/sen-grassley-calls-for-federal-probe-into-troubled-youth?utm_term=.qeyB6OYenv#.rhWj86yGOY [37].

[4] [38] http://www.treatmentcenters.biz/treatment-centers/details/Shadow-Mountain-Behavioral-Health-Systems.

[5] [39] “UHS Hospital Poses ‘Immediate Threat To Life,’ Accreditor Says,” BuzzFeedNews, 27 May 2017, https://www.buzzfeed.com/rosalindadams/inspectors-find-uhs-hospital-poses-immediate-threat-to-life?utm_term=.qvP93y30a#.ugZAzezM3 [40]; https://www.cchrint.org/2016/07/05/psychiatric-hospital-chain-sued/.

[6] [41] UHS Inc, SEC Filing, For 8K, 31 Mar. 2015, Item 7:01, Regulation FD Disclosure, http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/352915/000119312515113094/d898400d8k.htm; “UHS posts strong quarter even as it faces federal probe,” Phily.com,30 Apr. 2015, http://articles.philly.com/2015-04-30/business/61657494_1_steve-filton-uhs-strong-quarter.

[7] [42] “Feds widen fraud probe of Universal Health Services to include headquarters,” Healthcare Finance, 1 Apr. 2015, http://www.healthcarefinancenews.com/news/feds-widen-fraud-probe-universal-health-services-include-headquarters.

[8] [43] http://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20170411/NEWS/170419986.

[9] [44] UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES, INC. FORM 10-K, UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, For the fiscal year ended 31 Dec., 2016, p. 13, https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/352915/000156459017002860/uhs-10k_20161231.htm.

[10] [45] Reese Dunklin, “Judge rules regulators can stop funding Timberlawn psychiatric hospital,” Dallas Morning News, August 13, 2015, http://www.dallasnews.com/news/metro/20150813-judge-rules-regulators-can-stop-funding-timberlawn-psychiatric-hospital.ece [46]; https://olis.leg.state.or.us/liz/2017R1/Downloads/CommitteeMeetingDocument/117795 ; https://www.cchrint.org/2015/08/14/timberlawn-tx-psych-hospital-loses-federal-funding/.

[11] [47] Marc Ramirez, “Patient charged in death of doctor he tackled at Timberlawn mental hospital,” July 2016, http://www.dallasnews.com/news/local-news/20160702-patient-charged-in-death-of-doctor-he-tackled-at-timberlawn-mental-hospital.ece [48].

[12] [49] https://www.google.com/search?q=Timberlawn+hospital+hasnt+paid+%241+million+fine&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8.

[13] [50] “OSHA cites Brookline psychiatric hospital,” The Boston Globe, 9 Feb. 2017, https://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2017/02/08/osha-cites-brookline-psychiatric-hospital/xJda9EH54yJlbeNLdZ3GGJ/story.html [51].

[14] [52] https://olis.leg.state.or.us/liz/2017R1/Downloads/CommitteeMeetingDocument/117795.

[15] [53] “NME Offices Raided in Major Fraud Probe: Health care: Federal investigation focuses on accusations of false billing and diagnoses by the giant hospital operator,” Los Angeles Times, 27 Aug. 1993, http://articles.latimes.com/1993-08-27/business/fi-28623_1_national-medical.

[16] [54] Tenet Healthcare Corporation History, International Directory of Company Histories, Vol. 55. St. James Press, 2003.; http://www.fundinguniverse.com/company-histories/tenet-healthcare-corporation-history/.

[17] [55] “A Chapter 11 Filing by Charter Behavioral,” The New York Times, 17 Feb. 2000, http://www.nytimes.com/2000/02/17/business/a-chapter-11-filing-by-charter-behavioral.html.

[18] [56] Michael J. Sniffen, “Charter to Settle Suit By Paying $$7 Million,” The Commercial Appeal, Memphis, Tennessee, 19 Aug. 2000.

[19] [57] “A Chapter 11 Filing by Charter Behavioral,” The New York Times, 17 Feb. http://www.nytimes.com/2000/02/17/business/a-chapter-11-filing-by-charter-behavioral.html 2000 [58]; http://www.uhsinc.com/about-us/timeline/.

[20] [59] “Shareholders Obtain $$65 Million Settlement in Psychiatric Solutions,” Robins Geller, Rudman and Dowd, LLP, 17 Jan. 2015.

[21] [60] CBS News, 4 May 2010, http://www.cbsnews.com/news/former-hca-ceo-rick-scott-bad-news-for-florida-healthcare-if-he-becomes-governor/.

[22] [61] “HCA to grow presence in behavioral health, official says,” Modern Healthcare, 19 Apr. 2013, http://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20130419/NEWS/304119965.

[23] [62] Margaret Newkirk, “Private Equity Sees No End to the Drug and Mental-Health Gold Rush,” Bloomberg, 30 Mar. 2017, https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-30/private-equity-rehab-romance-rages-amid-health-law-turmoil.

[24] [63] http://marketrealist.com/2015/01/exploring-universal-health-services-behavioral-health-services-business/.

[25] [64] http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/behavioral-rehabilitation-market-size-to-reach-3139-billion-by-2025-grand-view-research-inc-615449324.html.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32851,"by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Does your dog suffer from itching skin? Would you like to help your pet with natural therapies?

One of the most common problems that dogs experience is pruritus or itchy skin. In a study published in April, 2014, veterinary researchers confirmed that essential oils could be successfully used to resolve one of the common causes of itchy skin in dogs.

Pruritus is the medical term used to define a dog’s sensation to itch, or the sensation that provokes its desire to scratch, rub, chew, or lick its hair and skin. Pruritus is also an indicator of inflamed skin. Intense scratching can eventually lead to partial or full hair loss.[1]

Causes of Itching and Scratching

There can be many causes for itching and scratching. These include external parasites such as “fleas, Cheyletiella, scabies, Demodex, lice or poultry mites”[2] and fungal/yeast growth on the skin. The diagnostic services of a veterinarian are helpful for determining the exact cause of the itching. Different causes will require different treatments. You can learn more about the causes of itching by using the resource links at the end of this article.

Pruritus is most commonly found in dogs, but can sometimes be present in cats. The skin in certain areas can become red, inflamed, and infected. This situation can make pet quite miserable.

Malassezia Dermatitis is One of the Common Causes of Itchy Skin

I will be discussing the exciting findings of a new research study published in France, which used a blend of essential oils to eliminate the itching that is caused by Malassezia dermatitis. Malassezia dermatitis is a reaction to a specific fungus/yeast called Malassezia, which is normally present on the skin of dogs. Under certain conditions the population of Malassezia can either become too great, which causes the itching, or the dog develops an immune system reaction, which causes the itching and scratching.

Description of the Disease

Malassezia dermatitis can occur in dogs of any breed, age, or sex. It is more common in West Highland white terrier, dachshund, English setter, basset hound, American cocker spaniel, Shih Tzu, springer spaniel, and German shepherd.

The itching from the yeast causes a dog to scratch and chew at his skin. In some cases, the reaction is so intense that the condition may be misdiagnosed as a neurologic or behavior problem.

The disease may increase during the summer months, but it can occur at any time of year, especially in warmer climates. The association between Malassezia dermatitis and the summer months correlates with the allergy season and higher humidity. The most common clinical sign of Malassezia dermatitis is moderate to intense pruritus [itchy inflamed skin], which may be only partially responsive to corticosteroids and antibiotics. Affected animals typically have an offensive odor, which some clinicians refer to as yeasty or rancid.[3]

Malassezia dermatitis can cover large areas of the dog or can be limited to specific areas. Common locations for Malassezia dermatitis are the ears, between the toes, in the nail fold, on the underside of the neck, the outer side of the thigh, the hollow of the legs where the legs join the body, the perianal region around the anus, and in areas where skin rubs against skin.[4]

Research Using Essential Oils to Treat Malassezia Dermatitis

The results of research [5] published in April, 2014, in the Journal of Medical Mycology demonstrated the benefits of using essential oils for treating Malassezia dermatitis. The researchers treated 20 dogs with dermatitis caused by Malassezia pachydermatis. They used a blend of essential oils containing bitter orange (Citrus aurantium) 1%, lavender (Lavandula officinalis) 1%, oregano (Origanum vulgare) 0.5%, marjoram (Origanum majorana) 0.5%, peppermint (Mentha piperita) 0.5% and Helichrysum (Helichrysum italicum var. italicum) 0.5%. These essential oils were mixed into a base of sweet almond oil and coconut oil.

This mixture of oils was topically applied to twenty animals twice daily for 1 month. Another group of ten animals was treated with a conventional therapy based on ketoconazole given at a rate of 10mg/kg per day and 2% chlorhexidine given twice a week for 3 weeks. At the end of the treatment periods, researchers found that both groups of animals had significant improvements in their clinical status without adverse effects. They conducted follow-up visits 6 months later to observe whether there was a recurrence of the original disease condition, and found that both groups retained their clinical improvements.

The overall minimum inhibitory concentrations (MIC) when used on the fungus/yeast of the skin was 0.3%. O. vulgare showed the lowest minimum inhibitory concentrations (MIC), being active at 0.8%, followed by M. piperita (1%), O. majorana (1.3%), C. aurantium (2%) and L. officinalis (4%) while H. italicum [Helichrysum] did not yield any antimycotic effect up to 10%. Active major compounds were thymol, carvacrol, p-cymene, 1,8-cineol, limonene and menthol.[6]

Conclusion

The researchers concluded that the phytotheraputic treatment using essential oils achieved a good clinical outcome. They did not observe any recurrence of the original skin disorders after 180 days. The essential oil blend that they tested was a safe and natural solution to a common problem, which offered an important alternative to conventional pharmaceutical treatments.

In the video above Dr. Karen Becker discusses the importance of coconut oil for your pet. Coconut oil is a terrific moisturizer for animals with skin allergies, dry and flaky skin, cuts, sores, thin coats, dry noses and other skin problems.

Resources

[1] “Itchiness, Desire to Scratch, Chew or Lick Causing Inflamed Skin in Dogs,” Retrieved 4/29/14 from petmd.com. http://www.petmd.com/dog/conditions/skin/c_multi_pruritus

[2] “How to identify the pruritic dog,” Alice M. Jeromin, RPh, DVM, DACVD, DVM360 Magazine, 2/1/2002, retrieved 4/29/14. http://veterinarynews.dvm360.com/dvm/Dermatology/How-to-identify-the-pruritic-dog/ArticleLong/Article/detail/10305

[3] “How to diagnose and treat Malassezia dermatitis in dogs,” ADAM P. PATTERSON, DVM and LINDA A. FRANK, MS, DVM, Department of Small Animal Clinical Sciences, Veterinary Teaching Hospital, College of Veterinary Medicine, The University of Tennessee, Knoxville. (Note: it is sometimes necessary to activate Adobe Reader before using the following link in your browser to read the PDF of this article.) http://rottweilerhealth.org/pdfs/august_malasszia_paters_02.pdf

[4] IBID. (The anatomical language used to describe the locations where Malassezia dermatitis is often found was translated into common English for this article.)

[5] “Clinical and mycological evaluation of an herbal antifungal formulation in canine Malassezia dermatitis,” Nardoni S1, Mugnaini L2, Pistelli L3, Leonardi M3, Sanna V2, Perrucci S2, Pisseri F4, Mancianti F2., Journal of Medical Mycology, 4/17/2014, PMID: 24746728.

[6] Ibid.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43785,"by Alliance for Natural Health

The DEA is enabling—even encouraging—a generation of opiate addicts, while the FDA tries to quash safe and helpful supplements like DHEA.

Goodness, the legal drug-makers have been busy! This week the Associated Press revealed that in 2010, US pharmacies dispensed the equivalent of 69 tons of pure oxycodone (used as ingredient in OxyContin, Percocet, and Percodan) and 42 tons of pure hydrocodone (used in Vicodin, Norco, and Lortab). That’s enough to give forty 5-milligram Percocets and twenty-four 5-milligram Vicodins to every single person in the United States.

The production and sale of both drugs has increased tremendously over the past decade; in some locations, sales have increased by 1,500 percent. Distribution is particularly high in Appalachia, the Midwest—particularly suburbia—and the Southwest.

Why the increase? Our poor diets and inactive lifestyles increase inflammation and pain. Older people are especially vulnerable in this regard. And doctors are increasingly willing to treat pain with drugs. Sales are also being driven by addiction, as users become physically dependent on painkillers and begin “doctor shopping” to keep the prescriptions coming.

As with all opiates, oxycodone and hydrocodone bind to opiate receptors in the brain, blocking not only pain signals but any negative emotions like stress or anxiety. The euphoria associated with early use fades relatively quickly as tolerance builds. The pain-managing efficacy will also be reduced as tolerance builds—which is why these drugs should not be used for long-term or chronic pain. If users take the drug for longer than prescribed, or in higher doses, it is likely that they will become addicted.

Addicts die from drug overdoses at a much higher rate than the rest of the population. Opioid pain relievers like oxycodone and hydrocodone caused 14,800 overdose deaths in 2008. Addiction is also responsible for the alarming rise in pharmacy robberies nationwide.

The epidemic is not likely to abate soon. The explosion of pain management clinics in Florida, dubbed “pill mills,” prompted the state legislature to close a loophole that had allowed physicians to fill oxycodone prescriptions on the spot. Authorities say a half-billion doses of the drug and its generic equivalents were distributed in the state during 2009 alone. An unknown number wound up in the hands of “patients” who had come from out of state to have prescriptions filled by multiple pill mills, before driving home to resell the pills on the black market.

According to Gene Haislip, who for seventeen years was head of the Drug Enforcement Administration’s Office of Diversion Control, the DEA’s policy of allowing increases in the production of these drugs in the face of widespread illegal and non-medical use shows a “serious lack of accountability and oversight”:

The DEA is the lone federal agency with the power to decide how much of the drug gets made and put out there; it alone has had all the responsibility to do something about this problem. The way I did it for seventeen years, which was basically the way it had always been done even before the DEA was the DEA, is that when a significant diversion problem occurred, the quota increase requests would come under greater scrutiny. With Oxy, there has been a significant diversion problem since the late 1990s, so the requests should have come under greater scrutiny.

That apparently didn’t happen, Haislip says. Instead, the DEA has rubber-stamped Big Pharma’s requests to increase oxycodone production. And why is that? Political influence, plain and simple.

As Marcia Angell, former editor of the New England Journal of Medicine, pointed out in her 2004 book The Truth about the Drug Companies, the Pharmaceutical Researchers and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA) employs more lobbyists in Washington than there are members of Congress. Since 2007, the group has spent more than $$20 million annually on lobbying in Washington to see that its interests are protected. Haislip says DEA won’t block a company’s requested quota increase “if that company is supporting members of Congress who have the power to block the agency’s funding.”

Then there’s the revolving door between the Office of Diversion Control and drug manufacturers or consulting firms that work with both industry and DEA. People working in the Office of Diversion Control know they might get lucrative work with drug companies upon retirement, and this constitutes a huge conflict of interest that prevents DEA officials from doing their duty. They certainly aren’t going to offer an opinion or do something that’s going to cut off their future prospects.

Contrast the “hands-off” approach dealing with incredibly addictive narcotics with the aggressive disapproval of perfectly safe supplements like DHEA. DHEA, which is short for dehydroepiandrosterone, is a natural hormone produced by the adrenal glands, the gonads, and the brain. DHEA is the most abundant circulating steroid hormone in humans and is sometimes referred to as the mother hormone since other hormones can be made from it. In its supplement form, DHEA is used for slowing or reversing aging, improving thinking skills in older people, slowing the progress of Alzheimer’s disease, weight loss, decreasing the symptoms of menopause, and boosting the immune system.

As we reported last October, DHEA supplementation also helps create improvements in muscle strength and bone mineral density with a reduction in body fat mass. And there is substantial support for its effectiveness in fighting adrenal insufficiency, hypopituitarism, general osteoporosis, systemic lupus, depression, schizophrenia, and balancing the overproduction of cortisol produced by excessive stress. Too much cortisol ages us rapidly; a little extra DHEA can make all the difference.

There are a number of different forms of DHEA. 5-DHEA is the form most commonly sold on the market and used for aging, depression, obesity, cardiovascular risk, and adrenal insufficiency. However, it can result in an increased production of male hormones, which may be positive or negative depending on various factors. For example, some aging males convert extra testosterone to estrogen, a process called aromatization, and too much in women can cause unwanted hair growth. For men with prostate troubles, 1-DHEA might be a better choice (no estrogenicity and decreased androgenicity), while 19Nor-DHEA might be better for women (little estrogenicity and anti-androgenic metabolites). But these little-known forms of DHEA are especially vulnerable to being lumped together with dangerous drugs and banned—simply because they are not well known.

DHEA has had a fifteen-year record of complete safety. Despite this, FDA and certain members of Congress keep trying to regulate it as a controlled substance, specifically as an anabolic steroid, even when used in dietary supplements.

Currently DHEA could be classified as an illegal anabolic steroid if the DEA were to present evidence that it meets all eight requirements under the Anabolic Steroids/Controlled Substances law. As the DEA has not yet put DHEA on the list, they clearly either don’t think it fits or hesitate for other reasons. Legislation was introduced a few years ago to add DHEA to the DEA’s controlled substances list, even though DEA already had the power to put it on the list if they met the burden of proof.

No deaths from DHEA. No addictions. No shameful deals between the manufacturer and federal agencies. No organized crime because of DHEA in America’s heartland. And yet DHEA is under attack, while big Pharma keeps churning out dangerous opiates by the ton.

Read the Full Article and Comment Here: http://www.anh-usa.org/big-pharma-whistles-and-dea-comes-running/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
4682,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

While the government in the U.S. continues to resist doing a true study on vaccinated vs. unvaccinated children or adults, stating that such a study would be “unethical”, researchers in Hong Kong have conducted a true vaccinated vs. unvaccinated study on the influenza vaccine. This is probably one of the few, if not only, true study conducted in recent times where a real placebo was actually used and compared to the vaccine. The results are quite remarkable, suggesting that it is unethical NOT to pursue more studies comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated populations. People receiving the flu vaccine suffered from other respiratory infections at a rate 5.5 times more than the placebo group!

Thanks to Heidi Stevenson at Gaia Health for providing her excellent analysis of this study in response to my request.

The utter absurdity of vaccination ‘science’ is revealed in this study. It claims a flu vaccine results in less disease risk because it causes antibodies to develop, in spite of not reducing the likelihood of contracting the disease and also resulting in 5.5 times more incidents of similar diseases!

by Heidi Stevenson

Gaia Health

Would you be interested in a vaccination that results in more than 5 times as much illness? If you take the seasonal influenza vaccination, that’s what you’re doing. The seasonal trivalent flu vaccine results in 5.5 times more incidents of respiratory illness, according to a study published in Clinical Infectious Diseases.

The study is particularly noteworthy because it was a double-blind placebo-controlled trial—and the researchers used saline solution, a genuinely inactive placebo, as a standin for the trivalent flu vaccine. Most vaccine trials utilize active placebos, which are substances that include ingredients used in the vaccines, making the studies meaningless—though this fact is almost never revealed in the writeups.

Subjects were followed for an average of 272 days. The active influenza vaccine adminstered was Sanofi Pasteur’s Vaxigrip. The trial included children aged 6-15 years. 69 were given Vaxgrip and 46 received the saline placebo.

With regard to effectiveness against influenza, the authors wrote:

There was no statistically significant difference in the risk of confirmed seasonal influenza infection between recipients of TIV [trivalent influenza inactivated vaccine] or placebo.

The flu vaccine provided no benefit!

The authors tried to cover that by adding:

TIV recipients had significantly lower risk of seasonal influenza infection based on serologic evidence.

In other words, the authors are trying to suggest that, in spite of the fact that vaccine recipients suffered as much genuine influenza as those who’d received a placebo, they still benefited because of “serologic evidence”. This “serologic evidence” consists of antibodies produced as a result of the vaccine, which is the standard method of determining a vaccine’s effectiveness.

In other words, a vaccine’s effectiveness is not determined by whether it prevents disease, but rather by whether it causes antibodies to be produced!

But the story is even worse than this. The study also demonstrated that the vaccine resulted in recipients having 5.5 times more respiratory illness. Here’s a partial breakdown of their results:

Vaccinated Placebo(saline) Any Seasonal Influenza 58 88 H1N1 (Swine Flu ‘Pandemic’) 58 0 Total Influenza Cases 116 88 Noninfluenza Viruses Rhinovirus (common cold) 230 59 Coxsackie/Echovirus 160 0 Other Respiratory Viruses 97 29 Total Other Viruses 487 88

As you can see, even though the authors claim that there was no distinction in cases of influenza between the subjects who received a vaccine and those who received the placebo, the reality seems to be quite different: There were a total of 116 influenza cases in the vaccinated group and 88 in the placebo group.

The authors play with statistics in this study by using assumptions about whether people actually had diseases, because there were many reported instances that couldn’t be verified. They came up with a relative risk of 4.4. In any case, relative risk is actually a meaningless statistic here, because it requires that exposure to the causative agent be known, which it clearly wasn’t in this study.

I prefer a simpler, more straightforward—and, I believe, more honest—approach of simply comparing the numbers of cases of disease. Doing that, we get 487 ÷ 88, which tells us that those who were vaccinated were 5.5 times more likely to contract a confirmed respiratory illness!

Now, let’s take a look at the other respiratory illnesses that people were more likely to contract as a result of being vaccinated for influenza. The rhinovirus is the common cold, so it isn’t a big deal. However, coxsackievirus and echovirus are quite different. Both of them are known to cause meningitis, paralysis, hepatitis, and heart disorders. This is not common, but the same thing is true of poliovirus. It also causes a usually minor respiratory illness, but in rare cases can result in much the same harm that coxsackievirus and echovirus can.

It is, therefore, reasonable to suggest that the rate of severe crippling diseases may also be increased by the influenza vaccine, and potentially by any vaccine against a respiratory illness.

Implications

This study’s implications are quite serious. The authors suggest:

Receipt of TIV could increase influenza immunity at the expense of reduced immunity to

noninfluenza respiratory viruses, by some unknown biological mechanism. Alternatively, our results could be explained by temporary nonspecific immunity after influenza virus infection, through the cell-mediated response or, more likely, the innate immune response to infection.

In other words, the act of injecting antigens probably damages the innate cell-mediated immune response, the part of the immune system that protects without the need of resorting to development of antibodies. They go on to state:

The phenomenon of virus interference has been well known in virology for >60 years.

The interference of vaccinations with the innate cell-mediated immune response is well known! The authors go on to cite several sources supporting this fact.

In summary, this study demonstrates:

Influenza vaccines provide no benefit.

Influenza vaccines cause a hugely increased number of respiratory illnesses.

Influenza vaccines—and very likely other vaccines—harm the innate cell-mediated immune response, which results in a significant increase in infectious disease incidents.

Nonetheless, our agencies of health destruction, such as the US’s alphabet soup of FDA, CDC, and NIH, the UK’s NHS, MHRA, and DOH, Australia’s ANPHA, and Canada’s Health Canada, plus the international WHO and massive foundations such as the Gates Foundation and GAVI—these and so many more routinely lie about the reality of vaccinations. They use fear tactics and lies to promote the profiteering of Big Pharma and Big Medicine at the expense of the populace, and worse, of our children.

The reality of all these agencies is that, though they may have been created for the purpose of benefiting our health, they’ve been co-opted by Big Pharma and Big Medicine, who have managed to buy their way into them. The result is that these agencies now actively promote, and even enforce, the use of products and methods whose first purpose is to make profits. If that means the public’s health must suffer … apparently, it’s a small price to pay when it doesn’t affect the bottom line.

Sources:

Increased Risk of Noninfluenza Respiratory Virus Infections Associated With Receipt of Inactivated Influenza Vaccine; Clinical Infectious Diseases; Benjamin J. Cowling, Vicky J. Fang, Hiroshi Nishiura,

Kwok-Hung Chan, Sophia Ng, Dennis K. M.lp, Susan S. Chiu, Gabriel M. Leung} and J. S. Malik Peir; DOI: 10.1093/cid/cis307

Read the Full Article Here: http://gaia-health.com/gaia-blog/2013-06-02/flu-vax-causes-5-5-times-more-respiratory-infections/

See Also:

Watch this excellent short video by Dr. Tenpenny which clearly explains the difference between the presence of “antibodies” and vaccine effectiveness:

Flu and Flu Vaccines:

What’s Coming Through That Needle – DVD

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24759,"WASHINGTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Under pressure from the Healthy Nation Coalition, the USDA revealed identities of the 2010 Dietary Guidelines “Independent Scientific Review Panel,” credited with peer-reviewing the Guidelines for scientific accuracy. Seven of eight panel members are Registered Dietitians (RDs). At the same time, RDs across America are reeling from the news that Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) won’t reimburse them to provide counseling for obesity. This news comes as the American Dietetic Association (ADA)—the professional organization for RDs—is under scrutiny for ties to food and pharmaceutical industries.

“The ADA is an industry-friendly organization. The USDA appears to rely on ADA-trained Registered Dietitians to confirm their own industry-friendly guidelines. The self-supporting relationship between the ADA and the USDA does not benefit either the credibility of RDs or the health of Americans.”

“An ongoing investigation by Congress recently revealed that the ADA receives over $$1 million a year in payments from pharmaceutical companies and an undisclosed amount from companies such as Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, and Hershey,” stated Darrell Rogers from Alliance for Natural Health-USA. ADA members have indicated that the ADA’s relationship with corporate sponsors has a negative impact on the public image of RDs and undermines their credibility.

Credibility has been further undermined by lack of evidence that methods RDs use to treat obesity are effective. As a result, many insurance companies, and now CMS, do not reimburse RDs for its treatment. According to Dr. Wendy Long, chief medical officer of TennCare, “There’s really no evidence to support the fact that providing those services would result in a decrease in medical cost, certainly not immediately, and even in the longer term,”

The ADA limits the scope of dietetic education and practice to USDA-approved recommendations which may contribute to lack of evidence for effectiveness of these methods. The ADA also sponsors legislation in multiple states that would essentially confine the practice of nutrition to RDs, and outlaw highly-qualified non-RD nutrition professionals from practicing, restricting consumer choice to professionals trained to follow USDA recommendations.

Given the ADA’s ties to food and drug industries and lack of effectiveness for USDA-approved dietitian-led interventions for obesity, questions should be raised about the dominant role RDs played in creating the 2010 Dietary Guidelines.

According to Adele Hite, Director of Healthy Nation Coalition, “The ADA is an industry-friendly organization. The USDA appears to rely on ADA-trained Registered Dietitians to confirm their own industry-friendly guidelines. The self-supporting relationship between the ADA and the USDA does not benefit either the credibility of RDs or the health of Americans.”

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20111216006064/en

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42918,"by Alicia Davis Boone, Bel Air, Maryland

SaneVax.org

Before Gardasil my daughter was an outgoing, super funny, confident, soccer athlete, practicing 3-4 hrs a day. She planned to play HS soccer and move on to college soccer. Autumn was a free spirit and so full of life. Her love for animals and passion to save the mistreated drove her to want to open her own animal shelter. She had dreams, goals and a plan. That is until she had the Gardasil vaccine.

In January of 2010 she began the series of Gardasil shots. Her second shot was on 3/31 and by 5/10 we had her back to the doctors due to shortness of breath, along with horrible rib and back pain. From then on, our nightmare just kept getting worse.

Autumn’s life after Gardasil

She experienced excruciating rib/back pain episodes and was unable to stand up straight or breathe deeply. Pain episodes lasting as long as 4 weeks, requiring many ER visits. During one of these visits a mass measuring 6x12x9 was found in her abdominal muscle under her rib. The doctors thought it was possibly bone cancer. They kept her overnight to do a bone biopsy but by morning the mass was gone. It literally disappeared overnight! Her doctors could give no explanation and conducted no further studies.

So, her life continued with constant leg/knee pain, intense muscle contractions, painful joints, chronic congestion, sore throats, ear pain, reoccurring hearing loss, bladder infections, heat sensitivity, feeling faint in showers/baths, shortness of breath walking one flight of steps/talking too long, unbearable migraines leaving her screaming in pain, light/sound sensitivity, chest pains, racing heart, lymphadenopathy, tiny cuts bleeding over 20 min, bruising, petechial rashes, cold purple feet, heavy menstrual cycles, paralyzing pelvic pain with lumps that come and go, cycles lasting 3 weeks or longer. Chronic fatigue, sleeping sometimes 20 hrs a day, night sweats, strange skin sensations, lips going numb, reoccurring rashes covering her body including the mucosa of her mouth/nose making breathing difficulties requiring ER visits. Gastroparesis- stomach paralysis causing severe bloating appearing as if she was 6 months pregnant, debilitating pain, no appetite, severe weight loss, weight gain from body going into starvation mode, constant nausea, vomiting blood/bile leaving her begging for mercy and pleading for death.

Autumn will live with stomach paralysis for the rest of her life. Can you imagine being unable to absorb nutrition and suffering malnourishment as a result?

Autumn fought hard to keep the life she had prior to Gardasil, but eventually was forced to quit soccer and withdraw from school.

She has been diagnosed with depression and anxiety. Autumn suffers from extreme memory loss, anger, insomnia, and severely diminished cognitive processes. She has self-harmed, cutting and branding her wrist/hips to cope with the suffering she endures daily.

Did the benefits of Gardasil outweigh the risk for Autumn? Absolutely not!

Where is the medical community now? They casually say our daughter is a complicated case and offer no answers, wish us luck then send us on our way.

Like so many other families we have been left to try and cope the best we can. No recognition is ever given to the possibility that the Gardasil vaccine may be the cause of Autumn’s long list of terrible side effects.

This young lady has to suffer and wonder why this has happened to her and why no one in the medical community appears to care.

We, as her family, are left to try and pick up the pieces and keep her as safe as we can. This is no easy task but she is our daughter and we love her so much.

In our hearts, we know if we could go back in time our daughter would never have had these three shots of Gardasil. Life at this moment in time would be perfect for her and for us. If only ……!!

PLEASE SHARE AUTUMN’S STORY – HELP SAVE OTHERS FROM SIMILAR DEVASTATION.

Read the full article at SaneVax.org.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
48925,"RFK Jr: Money Is Why Congress Is Stalling Autism Coverup Hearings

By Sylvia Booth Hubbard

NewsMax.com

Excerpts:

Robert F. Kennedy Jr. tells Newsmax Health that money is the reason Congress is delaying hearings on accusations that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention hid a link between the mumps, measles, and rubella (MMR) vaccine and autism.”The pharmaceutical industry is a trillion dollar industry,” Kennedy said in an exclusive interview.

There are other trillion dollar industries, but not one that spends as much on Congress as it does. The pharmaceutical industry spends twice what the next biggest industry spends, which is oil and gas. They spend four times what defense and aeronautics spend. That kind of money — the money they spend in lobbying — buys a lot of influence,” he says. “It’s why congress people are scared to go against them. There’s just a lot of career fear.”

Read the Full Article at NewsMax.com.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com

See Also:

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17370,"by Donald W. Miller, Jr., MD

lewrockwell.com

This article is taken from a talk I gave at the 29th Annual Meeting of the Doctors for Disaster Preparedness in Albuquerque last week, on the controversial subject of saturated fats. Some of the slides that I used for this talk are put in here.

The medical establishment and government health authorities say that consumption of saturated animal fats is bad for us and causes heart disease. According to the lipid hypothesis – the label used for the diet-cholesterol theory of heart disease – saturated fats raise serum cholesterol levels, and high blood cholesterol causes obstructive plaques to form in arteries, called atherosclerosis. This pathologic process causes coronary heart disease and the need for coronary artery bypass surgery, which is what I do.

Types and Structure of Fats

Animals and tropical plants contain saturated fats while plants outside the tropics have mostly unsaturated fats. Saturated animal fats are in milk, meat, eggs, butter, and cheese. And tropical coconut and palm oil contain a lot of saturated fat.

The food industry makes trans fats. They do this by shooting hydrogen atoms into polyunsaturated vegetable oils. This straightens out the fatty acid molecules and packs them closer together, giving vegetable oil so treated a solid texture like lard. Trans fats are used to make margarine, with yellow bleach added so it looks like butter. They are also used prolong the shelf life of bakery products, snack chips, imitation cheese, and other processed foods.

Fats have a string of 3 to 22 carbon atoms. The carbon atoms of saturated fats have a full complement of hydrogen atoms attached to them. Unsaturated fats lack a full complement of hydrogen atoms. Artificially created trans fats have hydrogen atoms that wind up being located on opposite sides of the carbon double bond, which straightens the molecule out and makes it mimic saturated fat.

Crisco

A hundred years ago less than one in one hundred Americans were obese and coronary heart disease was unknown. Pneumonia, diarrhea and enteritis, and tuberculosis were the most common causes of death. Now, a century later, the two most common causes of death are coronary heart disease and cancer, which account for 75 percent of all deaths in this country. There were 500 cardiologists practicing in the U.S. in 1950. There are 30,000 of them now – a 60-fold increase for a population that has only doubled since 1950.

In 1911, Procter and Gamble started marketing Crisco as a new kind of food. The name Crisco is derived from CRYStalized Cottonseed Oil. It was the first commercially marketed trans fat. Crisco was used to make candles and soap, but with electrification causing a decline in candle sales, Procter and Gamble decided to promote this new type of fat as an all-vegetable-derived shortening, which the company marketed as a “healthier alternative to cooking with animal fats.” At the time Americans cooked and baked food with lard (pork fat), tallow (beef and lamb fat), and butter. Procter and Gamble published a free cookbook with 615 recipes, from pound cake to lobster bisque, all of which required Crisco. The company succeeded in demonizing lard, and during the 20th century Crisco and other trans fat vegetable oils gradually replaced saturated animal fats and tropical oils in the American diet.

Evidence Supporting the Lipid Hypothesis

Rabbits, Cholesterol, and Atherosclerosis

In 1913 a Russian physiologist fed high doses of cholesterol to rabbits and showed that cholesterol caused atherosclerotic changes in the rabbit’s arterial intima like that seen with human atherosclerosis. Over the ensuing decades other investigators did atherosclerosis research on cholesterol-fed rabbits, which they cited in support of the diet-cholesterol theory of heart disease.

Framingham Heart Study

In 1948, government-funded investigators began following some 5,000 men and women in Framingham, Massachusetts to see who developed coronary heart disease. They found that people with elevated cholesterol were more likely to be diagnosed with CHD and die from it.

Six years later the American Heart Association began promoting what it called the Prudent Diet, where “corn oil, margarine, chicken, and cold cereal replaced butter, lard, beef, and eggs.”

Ancel Keys Six-Country and Seven-Country Studies

Ancel Keys, the father of K-rations for the military, published a study in 1953 that correlated deaths from heart disease with the percentage of calories from fat in the diet. He found that fat consumption was associated with an increased rate of death from heart disease in the six countries that he studied.

He followed this up with a more detailed Seven Country Study published in 1970, using three of the countries that were in the original six-country study – Italy, Japan, and the U.S. – and four other countries – Finland, Greece, The Netherlands, and Yugoslavia. This study further cemented the association of fat consumption and death from heart disease, which led to the McGovern Report.

McGovern Report

The U.S. Senate Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs, chaired by Senator George McGovern, released, in 1977, its “Dietary Goals for the United States,” designed to reduce fat intake and avoid cholesterol-rich foods. These dietary goals became become official government policy.

McDonalds and the Center for Science in the Public Interest

Next, in 1984 the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a consumer advocacy group, joined the fray and started to coerce fast-food restaurants and the food industry to stop baking and frying food with animal fats and tropical oils. McDonalds fried its French fries with beef fat and palm oil. That’s why they tasted so good. But the Center for Science in the Public Interest’s well-orchestrated saturated fat attack coerced McDonalds and other fast-food chains to switch to partially hydrogenated, trans-fat vegetable oil.

USDA Food Pyramid

Adhering to the now well established low fat dogma, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, in 1992, published its Food Guide Pyramid. The “pyramid” arranges food in sections that convey the message, “Fat is bad” and “Carbohydrates are good.” Carbohydrate-rich bread, cereal, rice, and pasta fill the large bottom space. and are to be consumed in abundant amounts, “6–11 servings” a day. Further up, as the pyramid narrows, fruit, which is also high in carbohydrates, is accorded “2–4 servings”; whereas the portion that includes meat, poultry, fish, dry beans, eggs, and nuts is allowed only “2–3 servings.” Fats and oils are placed in the small top portion of the pyramid and labeled “Use sparingly.”

Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2010

Beginning in 1980, the U.S. Department of Agriculture and Department of Health and Human Services has published every five years an updated Dietary Guidelines for Americans. The most recent one, published in December 2010, recommends reducing saturated fat intake to 7 percent of caloric intake, down from its previously recommended 10 percent.

Meet the Fats

The USDA dietary guidelines and the American Heart Association group trans fats and saturated fats together and demonize them both as solid fats. The heart association’s website has a “Meet the Fats” link where the bad fats brothers are Sat and Trans – saturated fats and trans fats. The better fats sisters are Poly and Mon – polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fats.

Swedish Heart Institute, Seattle and Dean Ornish

Indoctrinated in low-fat dogma by health organizations, nutrition authorities, and the government, I would instruct my heart surgery patients to eat a low fat diet, telling them to cut all the fat off their meat and not eat more than one egg a week. And following the USDA food pyramid I did not express any concerns about how much carbohydrates they might consume, from starch in bread, pasta, rice, and potatoes and sugar in fruit, fruit juices, pastry, and sodas.

When I was the director of the heart institute at Swedish Medical Center in Seattle in the 1990s I looked into establishing a Dean Ornish Program for Reversing Heart Disease at Swedish. The Ornish Program limits fat intake to less than 10 percent of calories in the diet, with, as one study shows, only 1 percent saturated fat. I had a cardiologist at Swedish accompany me to New York to visit the leading Dean Ornish Program there. We came back and recommended that Swedish establish one in Seattle.

I was wrong. Several years later, after leaving Swedish and rejoining the faculty the University of Washington, I came upon an article by Dr. Mary Enig and Sally Fallon titled “The Oiling of America” that was published in the magazine Nexus in 1999. It stimulated me to look more carefully into this subject.

Sleeper

Oscar Wilde said “Life imitates art.” He noted that “Life imitates art far more than art imitates life.” In his film Sleeper Woody Allen plays Miles Monroe, part owner of the Happy Carrot Health Food Restaurant in Greenwich Village. He was cryogenically frozen in 1973 after a botched peptic ulcer operation done at the now closed St. Vincent’s Hospital. Two hundred years later scientists wake him up and revive him.

Scene from movie

In a scene from this movie (shown at the meeting), the two scientists have this exchange. Dr. Aragon: “Has he asked for anything special?” Dr. Melik: “Yes. This morning for breakfast he requested something called wheat germ, organic honey, and tiger’s milk.” Dr. Aragon: “Oh yes. Those were the charmed substances that some years ago were felt to contain life-preserving properties.” Dr. Melik: “You mean there was no deep fat? No steak or cream pies or hot fudge?” Dr. Aragon: “Those were thought to be unhealthy, precisely the opposite of what we now know to be true.” Dr. Melik: “Incredible!” The YouTube title of this scene is Woody Allen’s 1973 film Sleeper may accurately portray healthy eating in the future.

Tiger’s milk is said to be America’s original carbohydrate-rich, protein-rich nutrition bar. It was popular in the 1970s and is still sold. I got this one from Amazon.com (that I show at the meeting). As this cinematic work of art predicts, in 2173 deep fat, steak, cream pies, and hot fudge will have replaced wheat germ, organic honey, and tiger’s milk as health foods.

But if life does imitate art, what about all the evidence that shows saturated fats and cholesterol clog arteries and cause atherosclerosis?

Evidence Against the Lipid Hypothesis

Feeding Cholesterol to Omnivores Does Not Cause Atherosclerosis

Plants do not contain any cholesterol. Animals are the only source of cholesterol, and herbivores do not eat animal products. Rabbits, being a herbivore, are not designed to digest animal fat and cholesterol, so when it is fed high doses of cholesterol one should not be surprised if the cholesterol winds up getting stuck in any part of the poor rabbit, including its blood vessels. Feeding high doses of fat and cholesterol to omnivores, like rats and dogs, does not produce atherosclerotic lesions in them.

Other Countries with CHD-Death and Fat Consumption Data

Evidence against fat wilts upon close scrutiny. In his Six Country Study, Ancel Keys ignored data available from 16 other countries that did not fall in line with his desired graph. If he had chosen these six other countries [on the left side], or even more strikingly, these six countries [on the bottom right] he could have shown that increasing the percent of calories from fat in the diet reduces the number of deaths from coronary heart disease.

22 Countries with Such Data including four other groups of people

If Keys had included all 22 countries in his study, the result would have been a clutter of dots like this.

In fact, it turns out that people who have highest percentage of saturated fat in their diets have the lowest risk of heart disease.

Diets in People with the Lowest Risk of Heart Disease – Masai, Inuit, Rendille, Todelau

The diet of the Maasai tribe in Kenya and northern Tanzania consists of meat, milk, and blood from cattle. It is 66 percent saturated fat.

The diet of Inuit Eskimos in the Artic, consisting largely of whale meat and blubber, is 75 percent saturated fat; and they live long healthy lives free of heart disease and cancer.

The Rendille tribe in the Kaisut Desert in NE Kenya subsist on camel milk and meat, and a mixture of camel milk and blood, known as “Banjo.” Their diet is 63 percent saturated fat.

The Tokelau live well, without cardiologists, on three atoll islands that are now a territory of New Zealand. Their diet consists of fish and coconuts, which is 60 percent saturated fat.

Like these groups of people around the world, breast-fed infants in developed first-world countries also have a diet that is high in saturated fats. The fat in human mother’s milk is 54 percent saturated fat.

YouTube on Ancel Keys

The new social media of Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube is not only helping to overthrow dictators and autocratic regimes but also wrong medical dogmas. This one, titled Big Fat Lies (shown at the meeting), exposes the chicanery Ancel Keys practiced in his work.

The Framingham Study 30-years on

But what about the Framingham Study? In 1987, in the Journal of the American Medical Association Framingham Study investigators reported these two important findings: 1) Over age 50 there is no increased overall mortality with either high or low serum cholesterol levels, and 2) In people with a falling cholesterol level (over the first 14 years of the study), for each 1% mg/dl drop in cholesterol there was an 11 percent increase in all-cause mortality over the next 18 years. (JAMA 1987;257:2176-2180)

Contrary Long-term Findings of the Framingham Heart Study

Then, in 1992, in the Archives of Internal Medicine, the third director of the study, Dr. William Castelli, reported: “In Framingham, Mass., the more saturated fat one ate, the more cholesterol one ate, the more calories one ate, the lower the person’s serum cholesterol” [emphasis in original]… We found that the people who ate the most cholesterol, ate the most saturated fat, ate the most calories, weighed the least, and were the most physically active.” (Arch Int Med 1992;152:1271-2)

Most doctors have not heard about these findings because medical organizations, notably the American Heart Association, government agencies, and the pharmaceutical industry have ignored them. After all, prescribing statin drugs to lower cholesterol is a $$25 billion/year industry.

The Politics Behind the McGovern Report

What about our government and the McGovern Report? The YouTube video titled “The McGovern Report” (shown at the meeting) deals with it in a pithy way.

Mary Enig, Ph.D., a researcher at the University of Maryland, is interviewed in the video. In 1978, she was the lone whistleblower warning people about the dangers of trans fats. The medical establishment, government, and the food and drug industry belittled and ignored her findings that trans fats interfere with critical enzyme systems in the body and suppressed these findings for 25 years. As evidence of their dangers continued to grow the FDA, finally, in 2003, announced that beginning in 2006 the food industry must display how much trans fat the product contains on its nutrition facts label. Having ignored the subject since its inception in 1980, the government’s 2005 Dietary Guidelines for American at last warned them to restrict their consumption of trans fats. In 2006 New York became the first city in the nation to ban trans fats in restaurant food.

Saturated Fat and Heart Disease

Evidence that the McGovern Committee did not have in the 1970s is this 2005 report of European Cardiovascular Disease Statistics.

They show an inverse correlation with saturated fat consumption and rate of heart disease. Countries with the lowest consumption of saturated fat have the highest rates of heart disease. Georgia, Tajikistan, Azerbaijan, Moldova, Croatia, Macedonia, and Ukraine all have a saturated fat consumption that is less than 7.5% of calories, which is what the USDA and American Heart Association recommend, but their death rate from heart disease is quite high. Austria, Finland, Belgium, Iceland, the Netherlands, Switzerland, and France have high levels of saturated fat in their diet and low rates of heart disease. France, with the highest fat consumption, has the lowest rate of deaths from heart disease amongst these 14 European countries.

Reasons Why Saturated Fats Are Good For Us

The Biologic Importance of Saturated Fat

There is good reason why 54 percent of the fat in mother’s milk is saturated fat. Cell membranes need saturated fatty acids to function properly and be “waterproof.” The heart prefers saturated long-chain 16-carbon palmitic and 18-C stearic acid (over carbohydrates) for energy. Bones need them to assimilate calcium effectively. They protect the liver from the adverse effects of alcohol and medications like Tylenol. Lung surfactant is composed entirely of saturated 16-C palmitic acid, and when present in sufficient amounts prevents asthma and other breathing disorders. Saturated fats function as signaling messengers for hormone production.

They play an important role in the immune system by priming white blood cells to destroy invading bacteria, viruses and fungi, and to fight tumors. And medium-chain 12-C lauric acid and 14-C myristic acid (in butter) kill bacteria and candida fungus.

Saturated fats signal satiety, so you stop eating because you feel full, lose fat, and maintain a normal weight.

And, importantly, eating saturated fats reduces consumption of health-damaging carbohydrates and polyunsaturated vegetable oils.

Cracks in the Wall of Diet-Cholesterol Heart Orthodoxy

The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition is a leading establishment medical journal that defends the lipid hypothesis. Even this journal has backed down and is now reporting cracks in the wall of diet-cholesterol-heart orthodoxy. A meta-analysis of prospective cohort studies evaluating the association of saturated fat with cardiovascular disease does not support the notion that saturated fats increase the risk of coronary heart disease, stroke, or peripheral vascular disease.

And this journal also recently published a prospective cohort study of 53,000 women and men comparing their intake of carbohydrates and saturated fats and found that replacement of saturated fats with high glycemic index carbohydrates significantly increases the risk of heart attacks.

A Randomized Double-Blind Trial on the Effects of Coconut Oil on Abdominal Obesity

This trial, published in the journal Lipids, enrolled 40 women with a waist circumference > 35 inches. Twenty were randomized to take 30 ml – two tablespoons – of coconut oil a day (Group C) over a 12-week period. The other 20 took 30 ml soybean oil/day (Group S).

The Group C women taking the coconut oil exhibited a significant reduction in waist circumference (for the statisticians among us the P value was 0.005) with no change in the soybean Group S. And the only thing that the saturated fat-laden coconut oil did to cholesterol levels was to raise HDL cholesterol, the one that advocates of the lipid hypothesis call the “good” cholesterol. (Lipids 2009;44:593-601)

Eat Fat Lose Fat

Dr. Mary Enig and Sally Fallon, president of the Weston Price Foundation, have written a book titled Eat Fat Lose Fat: Lose Weight and Feel Great with Three Delicious, Science-based Coconut Diets. I highly recommend it. The fat content of coconut oil is 92 percent saturated fat, the highest saturated fat content of any food. I now start each day with two tablespoons of coconut oil.

Other Considerations

Roles Cholesterol Play

What about cholesterol? As with saturated fat, it is not a villain. On the contrary, cholesterol is critical for good health. It is an essential component in every cell in the body. Although few doctors know this, more than 20 studies have shown that elderly people with a high cholesterol blood level live longer than do those who have a low cholesterol blood level.

Cholesterol is the mother of hormones. It is converted into stress and sex hormones, like cortisol, testosterone, and estradiol, in the adrenal cortex. The liver turns cholesterol into bile salts needed for intestinal absorption of fats and the fat-soluble vitamins A, D, E, and K. And when exposed to UVB rays in sunlight or at a tanning salon, the skin turns cholesterol into vitamin D.

Cholesterol also is the body’s fire brigade. It repairs damage to the body’s tissues, particularly the damage in arteries inflammation does to cause atherosclerosis. Blaming cholesterol for atherosclerosis is like blaming firemen for the fire they have come to put out.

Along with saturated fats, cholesterol is also an integral component of cell membranes.

The brain and nerve tissue contain the highest concentration of cholesterol in the body. It is a key component in forming synapses – cell connections – needed for good mental functioning, learning, and memory.

If not cholesterol, then what causes heart disease?

Atherosclerosis is an inflammatory process brought on by eating too many carbohydrates and omega-6 vegetable oils. Stress plays a role and possibly also bacterial infection.

A deficiency of various vitamins shown here may also play a role in causing atherosclerotic heart disease, as may an excess or deficiency of various minerals.

U.S. Dietary Fat: Animal and Vegetable Sources 1909 and 1985

Over the past century, butter consumption has plummeted from 18 grams per person per day to 5 grams. Consumption of lard has dropped substantially while use of shortening has almost tripled. In 1909, shortening was a natural product made with coconut oil and lard. Shortening used today is made out of partially hydrogenated vegetable oil.

Consumption of margarine made with trans fats has gone up five fold, and vegetable oils, more than fifteen-fold. Along with trans fats, these often rancid vegetable oils are new to the human diet.

A good case can be made that these changes in fat-and-oil consumption over the last hundred years are the major cause of the epidemic of obesity, diabetes, heart disease, stroke, cancer, and learning disabilities in children. Observing the increasing use of vegetable oils during the 1940s and 1950s, a few physicians, notably Dr. Weston A. Price and Dr. Francis Pottenger, predicted that there would be increasing rates of such diseases.

Prevalence of Obesity among US adults 1950-2010

An epidemic of obesity has accompanied the adoption of a low-fat diet. With only 1 in 150 people obese when the century began, by 1950 nearly 10 percent of Americans were obese. Thirty years later, in 1980, it had risen to 15 percent. Then following publication of the U.S. Dietary Guidelines and its every-five-year updates, obesity in Americans has steadily risen. Now two-thirds of the American public is overweight, with more than one-third, obese. Today the average American weighs 30 pounds more that he or she did 100 years ago. American women weigh and average 167 pounds and men, 191 pounds.

There is solid evidence that this epidemic of obesity has resulted from replacing saturated fat in the American diet with carbohydrates and processed polyunsaturated vegetable oils.

Carbohydrate Consumption and Obesity

The rise in obesity parallels closely the rise in carbohydrate intake. As Gary Taubes shows in his book Why We Get Fat: and what to do about it, carbohydrates, not overeating or a sedentary life, are what make you fat. Eating fat and protein don’t make us fat, only carbohydrates do.

The Primal Blueprint Carbohydrate Curve

This graph, in Mark Sisson’s book The Primal Blueprint, compares carbohydrate intake with weight.

Consuming less than 150 grams of carbs a day enables one to maintain a stable weight. More than that and you gain weight. One burns more fat and will lose weight when carbohydrate intake is less than 100 grams a day. Unfortunately, Americans today consume between 300-500 grams of carbs a day.

The Epidemic of Diabetes

Over a 30-year period from 1980-2008 the prevalence of diabetes more than tripled. Now, in 2011, according to the National Diabetes Fact Sheet, 25.8 million children and adults in the U.S., 8.3 percent of the population, have diabetes; and 79 million people, based on their fasting glucose and hemoglobin A1c levels, are prediabetic.

Diabesity

Diabetes and obesity go together, so much so that these disorders are now being called “diabesity”. Body mass index (BMI) is the commonly used measure for obesity, calculated by dividing one’s weight in kilograms (Kg) by one’s height in meters squared (Kg/m2). One is considered to be obese if the BMI ≥30, and morbidly obese with a BMI of ≥35.

People with a BMI ≥35 are 10 times more likely to develop diabetes in their lifetimes than those with a normal BMI of 18.5-25. The lifetime risk of diabetes is around 30 percent for people who are overweight with a BMI of 25-30, 50 percent for obese people with a BMI of 30-35, and around 70 percent for people who are morbidly obese.

Disease Trends and Butter Consumption

Consumption of butter has dropped precipitously while cancer and heart disease has soared. The rise in cancer and heart disease certainly cannot be blamed on high-saturated-fat butter.

The Health-Damaging Effects of a Low-Fat, High-Carbohydrate Diet

These books prove beyond a reasonable doubt that today’s chronic diseases, such as diabetes, heart disease, and cancer are nutritional diseases, a result of eating a low-fat (mainly polyunsaturated vegetable oil), high-carbohydrate diet. Alice and Fred Ottoboni wrote Modern Nutritional Diseases: heart disease, stroke, type-2 diabetes, obesity, cancer, and how to prevent them; Barry Groves, Trick and Treat: how healthy eating is making us ill; and Zoë Harcombe, The Obesity Epidemic: What caused it? How can we stop it?, Barry Groves, in particular, citing more than 1,000 references, documents how so-called “healthy” eating is making us ill.

Liquid Candy

A 12-ounce can of coke has ten teaspoons of sugar, which contain 42 grams of sugar, supplying 167 calories. A 20 ounce bottle has 17, and a 30 ounce bottle, 27 teaspoons of sugar. The average American drinks 600 cans (56 gallons) of soft drinks a year, up from 216 can in 1971. The average American teenager drinks 3 to 6 cans of soda a day!

One-third of our dietary sugar comes from sodas, and they have become America’s number one source of calories.

Disasters

Disasters that may confront us can be divided into ones that are natural and those that are human made. The natural ones range from an earthquake to an impact event, like the one 65 million years ago where an asteroid six miles in diameter collided with the earth and wiped out the dinosaurs, and all other life forms larger than a small chicken.

Human-made disasters include political, economic, and martial types, a number of which Doctors for Disaster Preparedness has addressed. To this list must be added the nutritional disaster of a low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet.

Weapons of Mass Destruction

These trucks laden with soda pop serve as its weapons of mass destruction.

Health Benefits of a Low-Carbohydrate, High-Saturated Fat Diet

In addition to Eat Fat, Lose Fat, I recommend two more books that can help us reduce our carbohydrate intake. One is Life Without Bread: how a low-carbohydrate diet can save your life. It describes diets that limit carbohydrate intake to 72 grams a day, which is equivalent to 6 slices of bread. The other one is Why We Get Fat: and what to do about it by Gary Taubes. Noting that meat, fish, and eggs contain no carbohydrates, he suggests that you can eat as much of them as you like, along with leafy green vegetables. (Try chicken salad wrapped in lettuce rather than as a sandwich between two slices of bread.)

The ideal caloric ratio between carbohydrates, fats, and protein is carbohydrates, 10-15 percent; proteins, 15-25 percent; and fats, 60-70 percent of calories, with the majority of them being saturated fats. Among the different kinds of fats, saturated fats and monounsaturated fats are good; except for omega-3 and a small amount of omega-6 essential fatty acids, polyunsaturated fats are bad in the high quantities that they are eaten in a Western diet, particularly industrially processed vegetable oils; and trans fats are terrible. Saturated animal fat is best obtained from grass-fed beef and pastured chickens, along with nitrate-free, additive-free bacon and sausage; and seafood from wild, not farm-raised, fish.

The Sacred Cow

Healthy milk and meat comes from contented cows on pasture, eating grass food that they are genetically designed to eat.

The “Efficient” Industrial Confinement Model

Confinement operations like these produce meat that is too high in omega-6 polyunsaturated fat and too low in vitamins. It being certified “organic” is not sufficient. The turkeys in the photo in the lower left can be sold as organic because they are “cage free”! The best meat to eat is that which is “Certified humanely treated” or “100% grass-fed/finished.”

The Pastured Poultry Model

Pastured poultry produce eggs much richer in nutrients such as vitamins A and D and omega-3 fatty acids. Like with the turkeys so confined, organic eggs are produced mainly in barns. One wants to eat pastured eggs like those sold at a farmer’s market.

Three types of eggs

The color of the yolk is an indication of the presence of nutrients. The pastured egg, with its dark orange color, is full of nutrients. The organic store egg less so. The supermarket egg, pale as it is, would be even whiter if the chickens weren’t fed orange foods and dyes.

Confinement Butter vs. Grass-Fed Butter

The butter on the right was made from cream from cows on green pasture. The deep yellow color is indicative of high levels of omega-3 fats and fat-soluble vitamins. The butter on the left was made with cream from confined cows. Commercial butter like this has artificial color added to it so the consumer will not know that it is actually colorless.

Conclusion

Enjoy eating saturated fat but preferably from grass-fed animals.

Julia Child’s view on the matter

The last word on this subject should go to Julia Child. It is on YouTube (shown at the meeting) under the title, 1995 Clip: Julia Child on McDonald’s French Fries.

Enjoy eating saturated fats, they’re good for you!

July 19, 2011

Donald Miller is a cardiac surgeon and Professor of Surgery at the University of Washington School of Medicine in Seattle. He is a member of Doctors for Disaster Preparedness and writes articles on a variety of subjects for LewRockwell.com. His web site is www.donaldmiller.com

Copyright © 2011 by LewRockwell.com. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit is given.

Read the Full Article Here: http://lewrockwell.com/miller/miller38.1.html

Grass-fed meats, pastured poultry, and grass-fed butter!

Order Online!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32681,"The European Commission will restrict the use of pesticides linked to bee deaths by researchers, despite a split among EU states on the issue.

BBC

Excerpts:

There is great concern across Europe about the collapse of bee populations.

Neonicotinoid chemicals in pesticides are believed to harm bees and the European Commission says they should be restricted to crops not attractive to bees and other pollinators.

But many farmers and crop experts argue that there is insufficient data.

Fifteen countries voted in favour of a ban – not enough to form a qualified majority. According to EU rules the Commission will now impose a two-year restriction on neonicotinoids – and the UK cannot opt out.

There have been a number of studies showing that the chemicals, made by Bayer and Syngenta, do have negative impacts on bees.

One study suggested that neonicotinoids affected the abilities of hives to produce queen bees. More recent research indicated that the pesticides damaged their brains.

The Commission says it wants the moratorium to begin no later than 1 July this year.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-22335520",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
835,"Health Impact News Editor

Few among the American public truly understand just how huge the U.S. vaccine market is. Not only do drug companies reap huge profits from vaccines, so too does the U.S. government.

For example, did you know that the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has accumulated $3.5 BILLION in vaccine tax revenue which is currently “sitting” in the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund?

This trust fund was established in 1988 “to compensate vaccine-related injury or death claims for covered vaccines.” The money in this fund comes from a $0.75 excise tax on vaccines recommended by the CDC.

In other words, you the taxpayer fund it – not the drug companies.

The problem is that the government hires the best attorneys available (with your tax dollars) to litigate against families with vaccine damaged children (dead or alive) who are trying to collect from this fund. Those who are successful could spend up to 10 years trying to prove their case in a special court designated for vaccine injury compensation. So the result is that there has always been a surplus in the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund, and it has now grown to $3.5 BILLION this year.

The National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program

In 1986 the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program was established by Congress because the drug manufacturers threatened to stop manufacturing vaccines if they were not granted legal immunity from damages due to vaccines. It was no longer profitable for them to continue manufacturing vaccines in a free market, because of the large amount of lawsuits for injuries and deaths due to vaccines. So instead of requiring the drug companies to produce safer vaccines, Congress granted them total immunity from civil litigation due to injuries or deaths resulting from vaccines.

Today, one cannot sue drug companies for damages or deaths due to vaccines. You have to sue the Federal Government and try to get some of the funds “set aside” from this Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund that your tax dollars paid for to begin with.

The General Accounting Office (GAO) issued a report in 2000 covering the first 11 years of the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program. They reported that from the program’s inception in fiscal year 1988 through fiscal year 1999, the program’s trust fund paid nearly $350 million in compensation for vaccine injuries and attorney fees, as well as related administrative costs, but had a balance of $1.46 BILLION.

The report raised the question as to whether the fund was growing too big: “This balance has raised questions such as whether the current excise tax rate exceeds the level necessary to meet the fund’s stated purpose.” Today, the balance has more than doubled to $3.5 BILLION.

The GAO was to issue a new report on the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund in August of this year (2014), but Health Impact News has not been able to get a response from the GAO office yet on when exactly that report will be issued. We will report back here when we find out.

UPDATE: Here is the GAO response. Looks like they don’t want to issue the report prior to the elections in November:

“From: Young, Charles <YoungC1@gao.gov> The work is still underway and we don’t expect to issue it until late November or December. We don’t issue any information about what we are finding until we complete the work. Chuck *Chuck Young*

Managing Director, Public Affairs Government Accountability Office (GAO) 202-512-3823“

If Your Child Suffers from Autism as a Result of Vaccines – Don’t Bother Asking for Compensation

One reason why the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund has probably grown so large is probably because “autism” has been taken off the list of vaccine injuries that can be compensated for from this fund.

By March 1, 2010, 13,330 cases had been filed in the special vaccine court, with 5,617 representing autism cases. Of those 13,330 cases filed up to March 1, 2010, only 2,409 were compensated. The rest were dismissed, but there were 5,933 cases still pending, and most of those were claims for vaccine-induced autism, mostly due to either the MMR vaccine, or vaccines containing thimerosal (mercury).

How did this special vaccine court deal with these thousands of cases of autism that were filed as injuries caused by vaccines?

Simple. They took 3 “test cases” that they said represented all of them, and litigated against those claims. Their own appointed judges then ruled in each case that vaccines were not the cause of their autism. Then they told everyone else that their autism could not have been caused by vaccines, and that they would pay no damages for all those thousands of children suffering with autism. This was all part of what is called The Omnibus Autism Proceeding.

It is interesting reading about these three test cases put forth as representing all the claims filed for vaccines causing autism. The three test cases all revolved around the measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR) vaccine, and also thimerosal, the mercury-containing preservative used in many other vaccines.

Recently, Dr. William Thompson of the CDC has become a whistleblower and admitted that one of the main studies used to supposedly “prove” there is no link between the MMR vaccine and autism did not follow study protocol, and withheld contradicting data showing an increase in autism among some groups, particularly African American boys.

Since this is one of the keystone studies used by the Institute of Medicine and others to support the government’s claim that the MMR vaccine does not cause autism, what does that say about the legality of the Omnibus Autism Proceedings that now denies compensation for vaccine damages to parents of children with autism?

Also, how does this CDC fraud affect the decision by British medical authorities to attack Dr. Andrew Wakefield, the world-renowned gastrointestinal surgeon and researcher, who published research in the Lancet linking the MMR vaccine to bowel disease in children with autism? He was attacked by a journalist who wrote an editorial in the British Medical Journal accusing him of fraud. However, Dr. Wakefield’s research linking the MMR vaccine to autism have been reproduced in many other studies. Could the attack against him be related to the Omnibus Autism Proceedings which were being challenged in court during that time?

$3.5 BILLION of funds accumulated in the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund that did not have to be paid out to vaccine victims suffering from autism certainly suggests that there could have been powerful political motivation to discredit Dr. Wakefield’s research. Dr. Andrew’s co-author in the study, Prof. John Walker-Smith, fought an expensive legal battle against the United Kingdom’s General Medical Council and won, being completely exonerated. But Dr. Wakefield’s battle to restore his name and reputation continues.

Who Oversees the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program and its Trust Fund?

The National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program lists the board members on the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines here. This small group of people “advises and makes recommendations to the Secretary of Health and Human Services on issues relating to the operation of the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP). There are nine voting members who provide oversight of the VICP and recommend ways to improve the VICP.”

This is obviously a very powerful group, given that they oversee billions of dollars in the trust fund. So who are they?

Some of the active members on the roster are:

David King, Chairman in 2014

I could not find out much online about Mr. King, the current chairman of the Advisory Commission. He is reportedly “in the State Commercial Banks business” according to several online listings, and is listed as the owner of Sales Motion.

Jason Smith, J.D.

Mr. Smith is an attorney who works for Pfizer, one of the largest drug companies in the world and producer of many vaccines.

The rest of the members are listed here. Most of them have ties to medical schools with strong funding from the pharmaceutical industry.

Why Isn’t the Media Investigating the Fraud and Conflict of Interest in the Vaccine Industry?

Once upon a time, some of them did. Watch this 2008 report where CBS’s Katie Couric introduces Sharyl Attkisson to discuss vaccine corruption

Today, the mainstream media with one voice proclaims that “vaccines don’t cause autism” and no one bothers to investigate it anymore, even when a senior vaccine scientist with the CDC turns whistleblower exposing fraud on the issue.

So don’t expect to get reliable unbiased information regarding vaccines from the mainstream media. Do your own homework and research, and learn the truth about who is supposedly watching over vaccine safety issues, and their trustworthiness.

See Also:

Dissolving Illusions: Disease, Vaccines, and The Forgotten History

by Dr. Suzanne Humphries and Roman Bystrianyk

Free Shipping Available!

Learn More",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32519,"by Dr. Bob Sears

Orange County Register

Excerpts:

Two bills threaten our freedom to make health care decisions. In California, Senate Bill 277 mandates that all children be fully vaccinated in order to attend public school, private school or day care. Unprecedented opposition has risen up against it as parents statewide stand up for their rights.

Now, a federal bill has just been submitted to match it: H.R. 2232 will require states to have mandatory vaccine laws for public school attendance in order to receive federal grant money for preventive health services. It’s essentially a financial threat by the federal government for all states to get their citizens in line.

As an Orange County pediatrician, I give vaccines in my office every day. I’ll be one of the first to acknowledge how important they are. But when we take a closer look at what these drastic changes really mean, wiser minds will realize they are bad choices for our state and our nation.

These bills rob us of religious and personal freedom, remove parental control over their children’s medical treatments and unfairly target low-income and single-parent families.

Read the Full Article.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
5690,"This research reported by Case Adams shows how there are multiple forms of vitamin E in nature, and that mixed forms of vitamin E as found in food have tremendous health benefits. Most vitamin E supplements in pill form are simply encapsulated soybean oil, containing mainly just one form of the tocopherol. Soybeans are also over 90% GMO. In addition to the various forms of tocopherols that are classified as vitamin E, there are also tocotrienols which are generally not found in supplements, but in food. The following chart shows how red palm oil (not the processed version) is nature's richest source of tocotrienols and vitamin E. Much like coconut oil, palm oil has been vilified because of its high saturated fat content, although recent meta-studies have been published disproving that saturated fats have any impact on heart disease at all. Unfortunately, palm oil also gets vilified for ecological reasons where it has been reported to destroy natural habitat on the island of Sumatra in Malaysia and Indonesia. However, palm oil is an introduced crop in Southeast Asia where large scale plantations exist, but in areas where it is native, most of the production is by small-scale sustainable operations, particularly in Africa. Hence, if you are purchasing virgin red palm oil from one of those areas, not only are you purchasing a healthy and sustainable product, but you are also helping to provide jobs for people in some of the poorest areas of the world in Africa. As Case Adams reports here, these mixed forms of vitamin E with their super high levels of antioxidants have been shown to slow cognition decline and Alzheimer's Disease.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32494,"by Lori Gregory

Health Impact News

Amidst the ever changing, controversial white waters of vaccine safety, parents who choose natural immunity are being targeted by certain members of the medical, legal and public health communities as being guilty of medical neglect.

As readers of Health Impact News’ MedicalKidnap.com [1] website are fully aware, “medical neglect” is a broad term frequently used against parents who dare to disagree with doctors over the healthcare of their children, and can result in Child Protective Services (CPS) taking the children away from their families by force.

The latest example of this usurping of parental rights, which is being pushed and orchestrated by vaccine extremists [2] who insist on pushing a one-size-fits-all approach to immunity, appears in the February edition of ​the ​American Journal of Public​ Health, in an article entitled “Parental Refusal of Childhood Vaccines and Medical Neglect Laws [3].”

The paper, authored by Efthimios Parasidis, JD, M.BE, and Douglas J. Opel, MD, MPH, sets out to examine court cases where vaccine refusal is categorized as “medical neglect” under child welfare laws.

Vaccine Extremists Attempt to Establish Vaccine Refusal with Parental Neglect Despite a Burden of Proof to the Contrary

In an attempt to establish a legal precedent for parents who choose natural immunity over vaccine mandates, and in an effort to identify those same parents as being medically negligent for doing so, Parasidis & Opel set out to identify court opinions ranging from 1905 to 2016 that ruled not vaccinating was legal medical neglect. Their search allegedly identified only a total of 9 cases in 5 states, 7 of which ruled vaccine refusal constituted neglect.

That miniscule number pales in comparison to the thousands of parents who have come forward claiming that their children experienced a vaccine reaction ranging from the condition itself that the vaccine was supposed to prevent, to death. In fact, the article fails to even address what the associative risk to vaccinating would be in compared to not vaccinating.

Before we analyze further the authors’ conclusions, let’s first examine why such a small sample would even be worthy of a published article in an American journal at this moment in time.

Controversial Proposed California Bill Has Ties to Defunct Clinton Global Initiative

One need only to look to California politics to understand the reason for such a piece; a thinly veiled attempt to lay groundwork to link parental rights to choose natural immunity with medical neglect.

Sen. Richard Pan, the California politician who was the main sponsor of the controversial mandatory vaccine law SB277 [4], which forces parents to choose between medical freedom and sending their kids to public or private school, just introduced another bill which fits perfectly into this puzzle.

SB18 [5]​ — a scant, outline of a bill dubbed the “child bill of rights” — was introduced by Pan in December. It seeks to define what constitutes parental standards with regard to children’s health, education and welfare and is being sold to parents in the State of California in a town-hall-style format.

The already controversial bill has very deep ties to the Clinton Foundation via Pan’s official sponsor, ​Jim Steyer [6]​ of Common Sense Media. Brother of environmentalist billionaire Tom Steyer [7]​, Jim and his brother have v​ery deep connections to Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton [8],​ and are using their influence to push for the bill, which seeks to control the rights of parents even further in California by defining what constitutes a child’s well being.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32281,"June 2017 saw the biggest public demonstrations against forced vaccination held in Europe since the Victorian era, as tens of thousands of Italians of all ages marched for vaccine freedom of choice in Rome, Florence, Milan, Bologna, Turin, Cagliani and other cities. They marched in opposition to a May 19 decree endorsed by the government’s Health Minister and President mandating that school children receive multiple doses of 12 vaccines or be prohibited from attending school with fines of up to $$7500 euro (about $$9,700) assessed to non-compliant parents. Parents leading the 35-year old vaccine safety and informed consent movement in America stand in solidarity with the parents in Italy, France, Germany, U.K. and many other countries in Europe, who are leading a defense for the human right to informed consent to medical risk taking, including vaccine risk taking. Hold your elected officials accountable for their actions at the polls. Have faith, stay strong and do not back down. You inspire us to do the same.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24564,"Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

WebMD is the world’s most visited “health” website. They derive their advertising from the pharmaceutical industry, so they have a pro-Pharma slant, as one can expect. It is not typically the place you would go to find information regarding alternative treatments to FDA approved pharmaceutical drugs. If you are contemplating using prescription drugs, it is a great place to get information about the medical industry’s products. If, however, you are looking for information on products that are not approved as drugs by the FDA, their information will be highly biased.

Due to the increasing popularity of coconut oil and its healing properties, WebMD now has a listing for coconut oil. It is listed in their vitamin and supplement section, since it is not approved as a drug, and since they generally do not provide any health information about foods.

They give the standard pro-Pharma view of coconut oil, which is that, in their view, there are no approved claims for coconut oil. (For more information on this slanted view of coconut oil, see: Coconut Oil is Beneficial for Your Heart: Shining the Truth on Mainstream Media’s Negative Attacks Against Coconut Oil.) They also warn people that coconut oil could raise cholesterol levels and could be harmful, even while acknowledging that research actually shows the opposite, since coconut oil traditionally lowers LDL cholesterol while raising HDL cholesterol (a positive thing). They also warn that if people eat too much coconut oil, since it is fat, that it could lead to weight gain.

Interestingly, WebMD allows users to comment on these entries, presumably in a format where patients can comment on their own experiences with the vast array of drugs listed on their website. Here are what some users commented regarding their use of coconut oil on WebMD:

Reviewer: reverse mom, 55-64 Female on Treatment for 6 months to less than 1 year (Caregiver)

I am sole caregiver for my 88 yr old mother with severe Alzheimer. I cook with it, pour it over oatmeal, in sauces, even spread it on her toast before the butter goes on. Her memory was retested and improved, she sleeps better, and her moods are not as violent. I eat everything she does and find even my moods no longer swing as high and low as before. Neither of us has weight, sugar or cholesterol problems. Have yet to find a down side to using nonhydrogentated coconut oil.

Reviewer: True believer, 45-54 Female on Treatment for 1 to less than 2 years (Consumer)

I’ve been using coconut oil for over a year. I was overweight, struggling with internment bleeding ulcers, chronic iron deficiency causing extreme fatigue and requiring iron infusions every couple of months along with frequent bouts of diverticulitis. I am now at a healthy weight, no longer need iron infusions, increased energy, no longer need ulcer medications. My blood test show no longer indicate any issues. I use 2 TBS a day also changed my slowly changed my diet avoiding processed food and just generally eating healthy. True believer.

Reviewer: aisgk4, 35-44 Female on Treatment for 1 to 6 months (Consumer)

I love taking the coconut oil for my seizure. Ever since I started taking 5 teaspoons a day for about a month my seizure stopped. I stopped taking my medicine before I new anything about the coconut oil. The medicine I was taking did not help me. Coconut oil is my life.

Reviewer: Tom_Bird, 75 or over Male on Treatment for 1 to 6 months (Consumer)

I am 81 years old and have Alzheimer’s, diabetes and just about every other old age ailment known to man. Week 1. Felt more alert and energetic things got better, then reached a plateau. I slacked off and began to over eat etc. This week I got serious again and have started to feel better after three days. I am able to think more clearly again. I wish I had learned of the miraculous coconut before. It’s inexpensive and works better than advertised.

Reviewer: 65-74 Male on Treatment for less than 1 month (Caregiver)

I’m eating extra virgin coconut oil for Parkinson’s,(3 tablespoons per day). I experienced improvement in my ability to eat with my right hand 2 hours after eating 1st tablespoon of coconut oil, since then my dry eye condition is gone. plus brain fog is gone which is a part of Parkinson’s!!

Reviewer: Missy, 55-64 Female on Treatment for 6 months to less than 1 year (Consumer)

I’ve been using coconut oil for a while as a lotion on my severely dry skin. It’s fantastic-after a while I don’t even have to apply every day-skin maintains softness. I started taking internally for fibromyalgia. Gives me more energy and helps with brain fog. Have also recently started oil pulling and my teeth look amazing. They are whiter, no gum bleeding, clean and shiny-even if I don’t brush. Highly recommend!

Reviewer: 35-44 Female on Treatment for 1 to 6 months (Consumer)

Coconut Oil is quite a miracle in and of itself. I find it comical that this WebMD article actually states, “However, research on the effects of these types of fats in the body is very preliminary.” There are years of research and findings to prove the positive effects and miracle-like cures of coconut oil. But Big Pharma can’t seem to profit from it, so it’s deemed “very preliminary.” Try Coconut Oil for yourself; that’s all the research you’ll need.

Reviewer: OkieGranny, 65-74 Female on Treatment for 6 months to less than 1 year (Consumer)

I have been using coconut oil (approx. 1 or 2 Tbs.) on popcorn about 4 or 5 nights a week for a six months or so. I just had blood work done and my triglycerides had dropped from over 800 to 209. My total cholesterol had dropped from between 350 -400, when it could be measured, to 179. Total cholesterol has never been this low and the coconut oil is the only thing I have changed in my normal diet.

Read all the reviews here.

It is easy to see from this WebMD description of coconut oil, that the official position of the pharmaceutical industry is at odds with the experiences of the vast majority of the American public using coconut oil.

About the author: Unlike many people who write about coconut oil by simply reading about it, Brian Shilhavy actually lived in a coconut producing area of the Philippines for several years with his family, observing firsthand the differences between the diet and health of the younger generation and those of his wife’s parents’ generation still consuming a traditional diet. This led to years of studying Philippine nutrition and dietary patterns first hand while living in a rural farming community in the Philippines. Brian is the author of the best-selling book: Virgin Coconut Oil: How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!

Read the Virgin Coconut Oil Book on Your Mobile Device!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33030,"[1]

by Sarah Shilhavy

FreeCoconutRecipes.com

3 tablespoons coconut oil, or as needed

1/2 -1 white or yellow onion, roughly chopped

2-4 cloves garlic, peeled

1/4 teaspoon celery seed

1/2 teaspoon allspice

1/2 teaspoon fennel seeds

3 whole cloves

salt [2] , to taste

, to taste 2 lb tomatoes, quartered

3/4 cup coconut water vinegar [3]

2 tablespoons honey [4]

Melt coconut oil in a large saucepan and add onion and garlic. Sauté lightly for about 20 seconds. Turn heat off and stir in remaining ingredients.

Simmer over medium low to low heat until ketchup becomes thick and reduces by half, approximately 2-4 hours. Stir every once in awhile as needed.

Purée ketchup in a blender, and then strain through a mesh strainer. If you wish, adjust seasoning to taste and if the ketchup isn’t at the thickness you want, return to the saucepan and simmer until it’s just the way you want it.

Cool, and then store in the refrigerator.

Don’t let the long ingredient list fool you. This recipe is actually very easy to make. I just got a little carried away with the spices.

But really? Allspice? Cloves? Are we making pumpkin pie? No, we’re not. Trust me, they all work together. It doesn’t taste like ketchup made with pumpkin pie spice mix. It’s really, really yummy.

You can give and take on the spices, if you want. But if you have all the ingredients on hand, make it just as is first and see if you like it. There isn’t much of each spice, so they all work together to create that ketchup flavor. If you think you can make it better to suit your taste buds, go right ahead! Then let me know what spices you did or didn’t use, and how you liked it.

The aroma of the sauce as it simmered on the stove was amazing, I kept coming back to taste it…and add salt. I’m not sure how much salt I ended up using (I kept adding a little more at a time) but just go by taste.

Since this uses all fresh tomatoes, it’s a great way to use up your summer crop if you’re growing a garden this year. And like I said, it’s easy. Really. For real. It’s one of those recipes that pretty much does it’s own thing and fills your house with nice smells in the process.

Oh, and another cool thing about this recipe? It uses honey as the sweetener (I used raw honey). I kid you not, my jaw literally dropped to the floor when I saw how much sugar some of these homemade ketchup recipes use. It really doesn’t need that much. Just a small amount of honey gave it a nice, sweet (but not too sweet!) flavor. Yum.

And for all you visual (and non visual) learners, we have a video for you today that will take you through the recipe step by step.

Happy ketchup making!

Sarah



Read the full article here: http://www.freecoconutrecipes.com/index.cfm/2011/6/1/homemade-fresh-tomato-ketchup [1]

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[5]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [5]

[7]

[8]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32623,"By Jared Page

ksl.com

Excerpts:

24-year-old Sharon Leopardi is the owner of Backyard Urban Garden (BUG) Farms, a community-supported agriculture (CSA) business that uses Salt Lake City residents’ backyards as places to grow, tend and harvest fresh produce to sell to consumers. Her goal in starting the business a little more than a year ago was to prove that people can make a living growing food — even in the city.

She’s a farmer whose “farm” is spread out among eight backyards — all within about five miles of her Avenues apartment. In all, Leopardi farms about 1 acre, growing enough crops to meet the weekly produce needs of roughly 100 customers — including local restaurants.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.ksl.com/index.php?nid=148&sid=14866476 [1]

Here is a video with Sharon about starting seeds indoors:

Other Urban Farming Articles:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32238,"Every day, people in the United States are being injured and killed by vaccines, and those numbers are increasing. This is a fact that is not in dispute, as the Department of Justice’s quarterly report on vaccine injuries and deaths clearly demonstrates. And yet, the government’s official public statement about vaccines is that they are safe and effective, and should be mandated for all people. Any opinion or presentation of facts to contradict their position is vigorously suppressed and censored in the mainstream media all in the name of “public health” for the “greater good.” The American public is largely unaware that there is a vaccine court known as the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (NVICP). This program was started as a result of a law passed in 1986 that gave pharmaceutical companies total legal immunity from being sued due to injuries and deaths resulting from vaccines. If you or a family member is injured or dies from vaccines, you must now sue the federal government in this special vaccine court. Many cases are litigated for years before a settlement is reached. Once every 3 months the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines meets, and the Department of Justice issues a report of cases settled for vaccine injuries and deaths. As far as I know, Health Impact News is the only media source that publishes these reports each quarter. The most recent report was issued on June 3, 2016 which covered the period from 2/16/16 to 5/15/16 had 206 cases adjudicated. 116 of them were listed in the report, specifying the vaccine, the injury or death, and the amount of time the case was pending before settlement. 85 of the 116 cases settled were for injuries and deaths due to the flu vaccine, making the flu vaccine the most dangerous vaccine in the U.S., harming and killing more people than all the other vaccines put together.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24065,"Many drugs are developed not because there's a great medical need, but rather because there's big money to be made from them. In many cases, holistic therapies and medicines already exist that can take the place of any number of synthetic pharmaceuticals. Cannabis is one such therapy, and according to Dr. Gedde, ""it's time to ask questions and look at a new way of thinking about this plant."" A wealth of research shows marijuana does indeed have outstanding promise as a medicinal plant, largely due to its cannabidiol (CBD) content. Cannabinoids interact with your body by way of naturally occurring cannabinoid receptors embedded in cell membranes throughout your body. There are cannabinoid receptors in your brain, lungs, liver, kidneys, immune system, and more. Both the therapeutic and psychoactive properties of marijuana occur when a cannabinoid activates a cannabinoid receptor. According to Dr. Gedde, cannabis is certainly far safer than most prescription drugs, and there's enough information to compare it against the known toxicities of many drugs currently in use. This includes liver and kidney toxicity, gastrointestinal damage, nerve damage and, of course, death. Moreover, cannabidiol and other cannabis products often work when other medications fail, so not only are they generally safer, cannabis preparations also tend to provide greater efficacy.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32668,"10-day-old baby taken by CPS, lawsuit filed

by ksat.com

The League of United Latin American Citizens filed a federal lawsuit on Feb. 6 against Child Protective Services, alleging the department abused its power.

LULAC said that CPS took a 10-day-old baby away from its mother because of alleged drug use. The woman and baby did not test positive for drugs, but CPS still took the baby away.

Julie Marquez, with the LULAC Council in Seguin, said the case is nothing out of the ordinary for CPS.

“We have several cases … We have more than 10 cases. It’s the same M.O. over and over and over again. They withhold evidence and they abuse their discretion and they abuse their power,” Marquez said.

Read the full article and watch the video here.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23775,"The VAXXED team recently interviewed Dr. Cammy Benton from North Carolina who is board certified in both Family Medicine and Functional Medicine. Dr. Benton no longer gives vaccinations. She states that it took her ""a long time to wake up,"" but she learned a lot through her three children. The first two were fully vaccinated, but she stopped after 4 months with her third child. With her first child, Dr. Benton states that she waited two months after she was born to give the Hepatitis B shot. Most babies get it in the hospital the same day they are born. Benton explains how her first baby went from a very alert baby who made a lot of eye contact, to becoming less alert and fussy following the beginning of vaccines. When she finally figured out that her children were being damaged by vaccines, she became very angry towards herself and her profession, for not investigating vaccines prior to believing what she had been told about them, and administering them without question. Her own pediatrician had vaccinated her children with the flu vaccine behind her back, because she had stated she was against the flu vaccine. During the interview, Dr. Benton relates how the flu vaccine became mandated during her medical practice. She began to ask questions about the science behind the flu shot, and even asked a senior CDC official about it at an event. But she found no credible studies backing up the science behind the flu shot. When she called the CDC about it, she relates how the CDC admitted that they were not the ones mandating the flu vaccines (employers and public health officials are), and that she admitted there was no science confirming the effectiveness of the flu vaccine, it was simply ""all we have"" to combat the flu season. Dr. Benton then asked why hospitals were not requiring ALL medical personnel to wear face masks during the flu season, since the CDC was admitting the flu vaccine was not effective. At that point the person at the CDC hung up, and the next Monday Dr. Benton was presented with a four month severance pay. She states that this was the best ""vacation"" she could have received at that time, because she spent every day studying about vaccines. Dr. Benton finally came to the conclusion that the risks associated with the diseases that were being vaccinated against was not serious enough to risk the side effects of the vaccines.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42938,"by Vicky Oakley, Bedlington, Northumberland, UK

SaneVax.org

Our daughter Holly, was an energetic, unstoppable, full-of-life 12-year-old. Very sporty, playing netball, rugby, rounders and football for a local club, the school, and county. She was also part of the Newcastle United development academy. She was so full of energy; we would send her for 15 minutes on the trampoline just to use some energy up. She loved sports, she loved being active and she loved being outdoors.

Then, between November 2013 and May 2014, she was given the HPV vaccinations. Our life would never be the same again.

A month or so following Holly’s final HPV vaccination, we noticed she would vomit for what seemed no reason at all. For example, she was on the football pitch (trials for NUFC), and she vomited while on the pitch, then carried on playing. We put it down to a one off, but as the months rolled on the vomiting got worse and worse and the period of illness became longer.

We took Holly to see our GP on numerous occasions, the same answer came back… it’s a vomiting bug. After 4 months, when the sickness became worse and she felt continuously nauseous, no energy (to the point of not being able to speak) and lightheaded, we pinpointed that these “episodes” always came around the time of her period. We were sure this was hormone related.

Doctors prescribed anti-nausea drugs, but nothing worked. We tried the contraceptive pill, that didn’t work.

In addition, when Holly was well she seemed to be plagued with injury, pulled muscles, sore joints – we put it down to her not being at the peak of fitness anymore.

Another appointment to the GPs and they decided the best solution would be to stop her periods all together, she was given the depo injection. This was followed by possibly the worst 3 months ever. She was in an “episode” the whole time, constantly vomiting, feeling nauseous and being unable to get out of bed due to extreme fatigue.

She was in and out of hospital because she was so ill. Following every test imaginable, Drs could find nothing wrong with her. They tried to say she was bulimic. We knew this was not the case, we knew it was hormone related.

School employees were onto us because she was unable to go to school she was so ill, and no one would believe there was actually anything wrong with our precious daughter. And the worst thing was, 3 months of not being at school, friendship groups move on, friends became more distant, they just grew apart. Holly was losing contact with the outside world.

We searched to try and find a Dr who could help. At one point we were seeing around 6 different Drs both private and NHS. Eventually we were pointed in the direction of a Dr who thought she knew what was wrong with Holly. Holly was diagnosed with Cyclical Vomiting Syndrome, which seems reasonable with the following symptoms. Some later tests also revealed that Holly no longer had any primary defence system, it had completely gone.

Her primary symptoms were:

Extreme constant nausea

Vomiting up to 10 times a day

Dizziness

Extreme fatigue (to the point where you cannot even speak or move)

Low blood pressure

In addition, Holly has also suffered:

Joint pain

Muscle pain

Easily injured

Broken wrist (which we think is due to weak bones)

Holly was so poorly that doctors recommended that when she had a period it would be best to be admitted to hospital, sedate her for around 2 days and give her lots of IV anti sickness medication.

This worked, Holly went back to school on a part time basis, eventually going back full time. However her energy levels never ever returned, she was still ill and hospitalised for every period she had, she lost her friendship group and was not allowed to go skiing with the school as it was classed as too much of a risk for the school. She was unable to do all the sports she did before because of the fatigue, she would sleep whenever she could, her sporting activity was virtually non-existent.

Nevertheless, we were delighted because we seemed to have the situation under some type of control for around 12 months. She was still ill every time she had a period, but we decided 3 days in hospital to get her well again each time was doable and we sort of adapted to that life.

About 6 months ago however these “episodes” started appearing outside of when Holly would have a period. Her injury situation was getting worse, sore muscles, sore knee to name but a few. The fatigue was worsening, she was constantly tired, and didn’t want to go out to visit friends and would spend most of her time in her Pyjamas.

2 months following that, Holly broke her wrist in two places at football. Nothing out of the ordinary, a save which she had done thousands of times before.

By this time, we were starting to do more research. HPV injury had occurred to us previously, however was pushed out of hand by doctors. We decided to look more into it, and found hundreds of girls in a similar situation to Holly.

At the present time, our life is on hold, a cold or sore throat is enough now to put our daughter into and “episode” and be admitted to hospital. Stress will put her in hospital. A period will put her in hospital. In a 12-month period she was in hospital 11 times spanning well over 50 days. We know all the hospital staff!

Her Dr is now trying to tell us that some of it is in her head and sent her to see a child psychiatrist who has confirmed to us that there is absolutely nothing wrong with Hollys mind! Holly has also been told she has Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.

While I fully believe Holly is fatigued, and it is chronic, I believe that there is something fighting her auto immune system (tests prove this) and this is to do with the vaccine. I feel the same about the Cyclical Vomiting Syndrome.

So many sporty girls having the same set of similar symptoms following the vaccine cannot be coincidence, no matter what the Drs say.

We are currently receiving alternative therapy treatment to try and take the HPV vaccine out of Holly’s body. Only time will tell if the effects of the HPV vaccine are reversible. Ironic, Holly wants to be a Dr, yet no Dr will believe what this vaccine has done!

Sadly because Holly’s situation has continued to deteriorate, she is no longer able to attend school. Instead, she is a prisoner in her bedroom; often too exhausted to even get out of bed. She receives home (2 hours) 1-1 tuition twice a week. Each session means she is incapable of leaving the house for up to 2 days afterwards. Even so, Holly wants to continue. With so many decisions having been taken out of her hands, who am I to decide if she should continue with tuition?

I cannot praise my daughter enough on her strength of character, determination and positivity to “work around” this situation.

Her not being in school has also impacted her social life. She rarely sees her friends these days. If they do come round, she can only tolerate it for very short period of time before she is worn out.

Holly told me last time they came, she could barely keep her eyes open after 30 minutes of chat! How is this normal?

There needs to be more information given to parents on this vaccine, not the current information, the real information, stories like this, stories of girls who have been injured by HPV vaccines.

The world is waking up and I hope it’s not too long before people realise the dangers of this. My eyes are well and truly open now, I want to shake everyone so they see what is happening and how it’s all being pushed out of hand as nonsense.

Had I known then what I know now, I would NEVER have allowed my daughter anywhere near HPV vaccines!

Follow Holly’s Story on Facebook

Vicky says,

You can follow Holly’s story on the link for Facebook! Please, don’t let your child be next!

Read the full article at SaneVax.org

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com

Young Women are Dying and Losing Their Ability to Have Children after the HPV Vaccine

Sanevax.org and Health Impact News are leaders in the Alternative Media documenting real life stories of young women being killed and injured by the HPV vaccine, which is usually censored from the mainstream media. Here are a few we have covered:

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24111,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

Elizabeth Byler of Pennsylvania spent her childhood in what some would call, a bygone era, tucked away, far from the modern world in New Wilmington, Pennsylvania. Elizabeth was raised in a traditional Amish community where contact with the outside world was seldom, and only per necessity. Socializing with those who were not Amish was forbidden, as they did not share their austere traditions.

However, in the midst of that idyllic world, dark secrets of physical and sexual abuse persisted, of which no one dared to speak. Elizabeth was a victim of such abuse and vowed to never let her children suffer the same fate. The desire to protect her children is what drives her today, as she seeks to do everything in her power to get her children home. They have been taken from her, and are now reportedly being drugged.

After leaving the Amish community, she survived a near fatal motorcycle accident in May of 2009 which set into motion a series of events that have become a battle of a lifetime – a battle to return her children who were medically kidnapped from her, and are now being excessively drugged under foster care.

It should be noted that this is a story about one Amish community, and cannot be taken as reflecting the way of life of all Amish people. In fact, it was an Amish-run advocacy group that contacted Health Impact News and requested that we publish Elizabeth’s story.

Children Taken By Acquaintance Who Said She Wanted To Help

Following the accident, Elizabeth sustained injuries that were life-threatening, and she had to be airlifted to the hospital. It was uncertain if she would survive. Elizabeth had 30 broken bones and a floating knee in one leg, as well as a ruptured spleen. The prognosis was that she would live but might never walk again. She was in critical condition, and doctors were unsure if they could save her left leg from amputation.

For several days during her hospital stay, Elizabeth was heavily medicated, moving in and out of sleep. The nurses would wake her up periodically to see how she was doing while they monitored her heart. Two days after the accident, Elizabeth was awakened by a nurse to see how she was doing. She noticed a framed photo of her children on her nightstand. She thought it was strange that such a personal item was placed there. She did not have family nearby.

When Elizabeth asked where the photos came from, the nurse said that they were left there by a visitor, Betsy (pseudo name used for this story). The nurse said that Betsy had been spending a lot of time at the hospital, waiting for Elizabeth to awaken. The nurse went on to say that at Betsy’s recent visit, she had Elizabeth write a note stating that she was giving her temporary guardianship of her children.

Elizabeth could hardly believe what she was hearing. She barely knew Betsy. Elizabeth said:

I had seen her before. I knew of her, but I didn’t know her.

Betsy was raised in the same home as Elizabeth’s ex-husband and father of her children. Her ex-husband and his sister were put into foster care after their biological parents were indicted for child abuse and sent to prison for 12 years. Betsy’s parents were their foster parents until his biological parents got out of prison. However, Betsy was never a part of Elizabeth’s or her children’s lives.

Reportedly, Betsy came to Elizabeth that day in the hospital to offer to take care of her two children while she recovered. While Betsy was there, she had Elizabeth allegedly hand-write a letter stating that she was giving her guardianship over the children, only until Elizabeth was released from the hospital.

To this day, Elizabeth has no recollection of her being asked to write such a letter. Further, this was done while Elizabeth was allegedly heavily medicated.

Elizabeth later learned that Betsy had been allegedly calling herself the grandmother of the children to the hospital staff, and expressed an interest in taking the two children, Tatianna and John Jr., into her home.

After hearing this, Elizabeth had some reservation about letting her children stay with Betsy, but she did not feel that there was anything to be concerned about. Betsy appeared to be looking out for the children’s well-being. Elizabeth had been raised to always see the best in people, giving them the benefit of the doubt. In her upbringing, it was customary to treat others in the community like family, which meant helping them in time of crisis.

Home After Hospital Stay, But Children Not Returned

After Elizabeth’s nearly three-week stay in the hospital, doctors said that she would be going home, though they were still unsure if she would walk again. She would still need to be heavily medicated for a while to mitigate the excruciating pain that she was experiencing.

Within a week of Elizabeth’s arrival home, Betsy came by to talk to her about her children. According to Elizabeth, she asked if she could continue to have legal guardianship of the children, only until Elizabeth had a full recovery. Elizabeth said that Betsy presented her with a three to four page document and asked her to sign it. According to Elizabeth, the document stated that she was giving Betsy temporary guardianship of the children.

Elizabeth said that Betsy promised her that it was only guardianship, and that is was only to help the kids with school-related matters and take them to doctor visits. Elizabeth said that Betsy told her that it was something she could do for her, given the long road ahead of her that included several surgeries and learning to walk again. Reportedly, Betsy begged Elizabeth, “Let me do this for you.”

Elizabeth, who was not given a guarantee that she would ever walk again, felt threatened by the gesture. She said, “Please don’t take my kids!” Elizabeth said that Betsy reassured her, saying that she was not asking for parental rights but temporary guardianship.

Elizabeth told Betsy that she needed some time to think about it. She asked Betsy to give her a week, but Betsy insisted that it be done that day. Elizabeth signed it but reiterated to Betsy that this would only be in effect while she was in recovery.

For about a year and half, Betsy continued to maintain a relationship with Elizabeth while she was in a wheelchair.

At a doctor’s appointment, Elizabeth was told that she would be getting a knee replacement and would be able to walk again. She called Betsy to let her know this and that she would like to bring her children home. Elizabeth said that Betsy was shocked and said,

“If that’s what you’re planning on doing, you’d better stop because I have a paper that says otherwise.”

After that, Betsy stopped taking Elizabeth’s calls.

Soon after her conversation with Betsy, Elizabeth received a document in the mail containing her signature. It stated that she was giving primary, legal, and physical custody of Tatianna and John Jr. to Betsy. It was signed by Judge Nancy Vernon.

Elizabeth was taken aback, because she did not recall signing such a document. She said that the signature had to have been forged.

Betsy Contacts CPS and Police—Accuses Elizabeth of Abuse

Elizabeth learned that Betsy had contacted CPS and police, accusing her of child abuse. Reportedly, the accusations included child neglect, child abuse, indecent exposure, and molestation. It was said that Elizabeth raped, tied, and gagged the children and took them to a strip club. After numerous CPS and police investigations that lasted up until this year, it was determined that the allegations were false.

There had been no CPS involvement, including legal correspondence, to alert her that her children had been moved into Betsy’s care. Elizabeth had no recourse, no way to refute what had been done. Her instinct was to go to the police.

Elizabeth did not know who to turn to. She could hardly believe that her children were stolen from her from someone who portrayed herself as someone who was only looking out for her best interests. To add to her pain, that same person was accusing her of child abuse.

A Baby Boy is Born

In 2012 Elizabeth gave birth to Arthur, who was also taken into CPS custody after a test at the hospital showed opiates in his stool. This was done despite Elizabeth telling them that it was a result of medication that her doctor prescribed. Later, it was proved that the medication was prescribed to Elizabeth by her doctor, and Arthur was sent home.

Note – it is not unheard of for Child Protective Services to seize newborn babies from mothers who test positive for properly prescribed medications. This happened to Lori Ibrahim in July of 2016. Even though she has documented evidence that the medications were properly prescribed to her, she still does not have her sons back.

See story:

Elizabeth Betrayed by Her Amish Community

Elizabeth was raised Amish within a community where family values were the glue that held them together. Family matters were kept within the confines of the community. If a child became orphaned, the members of the Amish community banded together to raise him or her. As a result, Elizabeth never knew anyone who had been in foster care. She knew nothing of the family court system.

Elizabeth was taught to always look for the good in people—to give them the benefit of the doubt. She carried with her a childlike trust and an open heart that still abides today. As a result of her upbringing, she said that she has always been “naive of anything having to do with the law.”

Elizabeth said that having friends outside the Amish community was not allowed. She said, “We were told, ‘don’t go to their house.’” She went on to say, “We were taught to be scared of outsiders.” However, they were dependent on those outside the community for certain things. For instance, she said, “If we needed to use the phone, we used the neighbor’s phone.”

Elizabeth’s mother had become pregnant out-of-wedlock from someone outside the Amish community. When her parents found out, she was given an ultimatum. She could stay, and watch another family raise Elizabeth, or leave, and never have any contact with her again. Not being able to withstand watching somebody else raise her child, she left the Amish—leaving Elizabeth to be raised by her aunt and uncle.

Elizabeth said that hers was “not an adoption by paper.” She said that she was “passed off from home to home.” She began being raped and molested from an early age. School became an escape for her. She said, “I was good at school, and I loved it. It got me away from my abusers and what was going on at home.” She dared not tell anyone about the abuse. She said:

I was scared. I was told that, if I told anyone, that I, and everyone that I loved, would die.

The cycle of abuse was perpetuated throughout her teen years. As a result, Elizabeth was moved around a lot. When she asked for the reason, she was allegedly told,

It was because we wanted you to forgive them [abusers].

Elizabeth contemplated leaving the Amish, but she had been told,

You’re going to hell if you leave the Amish.

At age 11 Elizabeth, who had never known her biological mother, was told by her family that she had died. It was then that she learned that the people she had been calling mom and dad were really her aunt and uncle.

It was not until age 17 that Elizabeth’s friends began telling her that they knew her mother, and that she was alive.

Elizabeth went on a search to find her. Her friends took her to the police department to see if they could help. The police officers helped Elizabeth find her—they drove her straight to her mother’s house.

Finding my mom—discovering she was alive. I didn’t believe it was her! I thought she was dead.

Elizabeth was in such disbelief that she made her mother show her the birth certificate.

At that time, Elizabeth and her mom began a relationship that they both treasured. It was the happiest time of her life. Her mom told her that she had gone back to the Amish community several times, asking to return to the Amish way of life and be close to Elizabeth. She said that every time she got closer to finding out where Elizabeth was, the Amish community would move Elizabeth. Elizabeth said,

My mom tried to go back, and they wouldn’t accept her.

Elizabeth said,

“I always had that feeling of wanting to know more about my mom.” She said, “I didn’t know my mom for 17 years. I was brainwashed. They said that my mom hated me and didn’t want anything to do with me.”

Not long after discovering the truth about her mother, Elizabeth left the Amish community.

Their time together was short-lived, however. Elizabeth’s mother died about a year and a half after she found her.

Elizabeth Seeks Help from Police – But Police Turn Against Her

Elizabeth was determined not to give up on getting her children back, and in the fall of 2012 she went back to the police station. There, she was told that CPS had closed the case regarding Tatianna and John Jr. that year, and that the documents stated that they were living with a caregiver.

Elizabeth, who had been physically and sexually abused as child, decided long ago that she would always seek to protect her children, no matter what.

She had been in constant contact with the police department in Fayette County, speaking mostly with Trooper Clem. Each time she went by or called, she begged them to help her get her children back.

As a result of growing up in a reclusive Amish community, Elizabeth said that she has always had a rudimentary understanding of the law and did not know how it really worked outside the Amish community. Her inclination has always been to go to the police whenever an injustice has been done. Her repeated contact with the police was simply her way of grasping at any resource that she could find to try to get her children back.

Unfortunately, the police began to suspect that Elizabeth was guilty of child abuse, based on the false allegations made by CPS.

Elizabeth said that a police officer told her that if she would “back out” of her pursuit of trying to get her children back, that “Betsy would have the kids, and this would stop.” According to Elizabeth, the officers said that she should do it for her children, and that, “this just might be the best thing for them.”

Elizabeth said that the officers asked her to talk about the times she had seen her children naked. Elizabeth said, “The only thing I can possibly think of was when Tatianna said that her hoo hoo hurt. It was red and irritated, and I took care of it. As any mother would.” She went on to tell how when John Jr. was being potty trained and learning to wipe. He asked her to look at it and be sure that he did a good job.

Elizabeth said that it was then that the police officer said, “Well, that’s indecent assault, right there!” Elizabeth cried out, “There’s no way I would have done this to my kids. I am a victim of this myself.” She said that Trooper Clem said, “Why didn’t you tell me this before I did the lie detector test?” According to Elizabeth, the police officer said, “You don’t want your children growing up like you did, do you? You might not have meant to hurt them, but you did.”

The indecent assault charge was eventually reduced to child endangerment. For the first time, Elizabeth hired an attorney. There were multiple court hearings, and at each one there were several plea deal offers. Elizabeth turned down every one and demanded that it go to trial. The case continued for several months. When the time came to try the case, the attorney allegedly asked Elizabeth for $$1500.00. She did not have it, and as a result, Elizabeth was told that she must then take a plea deal. She was told to plead no contest. Elizabeth was given three months of house arrest.

CPS Takes Arthur Again

Arthur could not live with Elizabeth as long as she was on house arrest. In March of 2014, the baby was with his father, but the father got into some trouble. He turned Arthur over to his mother’s care (the baby’s grandmother), who then contacted CPS. CPS took Arthur and placed him into foster care.

Elizabeth said that the goal was reunification until January of this year, but recently CPS began denying her visitation. Recent court documents show that they are seeking to terminate her parental rights, although she has done everything that has been asked of her. She said that the court is using drug charges, from when Arthur was born, as well as allegations of child sex crimes, relating to what happened with the two older children. She said that the judge will not allow CPS to use charges of child sex crimes, but instead insists on child endangerment, as well as the drug charges.

Elizabeth has had concerns about Arthur’s foster parents. She said that they have been calling him “their son,” and had changed his name to Alex. She said that the couple has been wanting to change Arthur’s name for a while and that CPS has had to get involved on more than one occasion to get them to stop calling him Alex.

Elizabeth said that she has learned that the foster parents were allegedly separated and living in separate homes but telling the judge that they were together. Reportedly, the foster mother has said that she “will fight her husband for the boys,” and that Arthur allegedly took the place of the baby she lost in a miscarriage. Elizabeth went on to say that the couple begged her to not take Arthur—to leave him with them. For a while now, Elizabeth has been concerned about the unstable environment that Arthur has been subjected to.

Approximately four months ago, Elizabeth said that Judge Nancy Vernon was to make a ruling within 15 days, but they are still waiting for it. At a recent permanency hearing, Elizabeth said that she told her attorney that she wanted to address the issues with Arthur’s foster home. She said that he told her, “We’re not here for that. We’re here for permanency.”

Notably, Judge Nancy Vernon’s signature is on the alleged forged document relating to Tatianna and John Jr. Elizabeth said that she wonders if the judge feels “backed up against the wall” and does not know what to do in Arthur’s case.

Friend and Advocate Murdered

After her accident, one of Elizabeth’s friends shared concerns that she had about the lady who took Elizabeth’s children. Elizabeth reports that she told her to be careful. Carmen Higinbotham, the wife of Ron Higinbotham, was a blood relative of Betsy. Carmen had an uneasy feeling about Betsy showing so much interest in Elizabeth’s children. Reportedly, she told Elizabeth, “Don’t trust Betsy,” and to “be careful” around her. Carmen made a commitment to Elizabeth said that she would do anything to help Elizabeth get her children back.

About a month after Elizabeth’s car accident, Carmen was killed. Her husband ran over her with a car, and was later found guilty of homicide. See story here.

Serious Allegations of Corruption Surface Against Betsy

Others who know Betsy have allegedly come forward to warn Elizabeth, including an Amish advocacy group. Reportedly, they have warned Elizabeth and her team of people helping her get her children back that there are “people in Betsy’s back pocket” and that she “better be ready to open this can of worms.” She said that Betsy said that Elizabeth and her team “best be ready for war with guns loaded.”

She went on to say that if they “don’t have strong legal people on board” that they will lose their jobs, even their lives. One person told Elizabeth that the judge did not sign the custody document in question, that “Betsy and her people did it all behind closed doors” and that it “is absolutely not legal.” She said that attorneys “drew up” the document. Further, she said that Betsy knew that having Elizabeth sign the document while heavily medicated was illegal. One person has confirmed that the document has not been filed in the courts anywhere.

This person said that this was not the first time that Betsy had been involved in kidnapping children. She said that the last time she kidnapped children, she fled with them out of state. She said that when the authorities found her, the children were returned. This was allegedly done under one of Betsy’s other three identities, and that she paid a large sum of money to have the incident removed from records.

Children Heavily Medicated in Foster Care

It has been six years since Elizabeth has seen Tatianna and John Jr. Since they were taken, Elizabeth has learned that each of them is on large amounts of medication. Each child is allegedly on 90 mg of Adderall, which has caused them to be “like zombies.” According to ADD Warehouse, the maximum recommended dosage is 30 mg a day.

John Jr. has allegedly been medicated so much since being taken from his mother that he tried to poison Betsy twice. Elizabeth has been told that this was probably done with the intent to kill her. She said that he poured tanning lotion in her drink because “she wouldn’t let him and Tatianna see their mom.” Elizabeth believes that this was a cry for help.

Elizabeth and her husband of two years, Rudy, who was also born and raised Amish, have anxiously awaited the day that the children would be home for good. Their home is spacious with a big yard. There is room for each child.

Since the accident, Elizabeth has endured six surgeries, including one last September where her leg was amputated. She is in the process of getting a prosthesis.

A representative for an Amish advocacy group offered to help when he saw Elizabeth’s petition online. He said,

Ripping the children from her and putting them through this for seven years—we’re looking at child abuse.

He wants to make sure that Elizabeth does not go another Christmas without her children.

This is not the first time that Fayette County has been accused of taking children improperly. The lawsuit, Doe vs. Fayette County Children and Youth Services, found that the state of Pennsylvania improperly removed three children, and they were forced to return the children to their father.

Recently, Elizabeth went to the Mercer County police station and showed them the custody document that appeared having her forged signature. They told her it was a civil matter and needed to be taken to Fayette County. Elizabeth has since filed a criminal complaint with the district attorney’s office in Fayette County.

How You Can Help

Supporters have set up a Facebook group that other supporters are welcome to join called Justice 4 the Bylers.

A petition to help Elizabeth get her children back, Non-Amish Woman Steals Children from Amish-Born Woman, is here.

There needs to be an investigation into this case. The Governor of Pennsylvania is Tom Wolf at 717-772-2500. He can be contacted here. His Facebook page is here.

Here are the legislators for the Bylers’ district:

Senator Michelle Brooks is at 717-781-1322. She may be contacted here.

Representative Tedd Nesbit is at 717-783-6438. He may be contacted here.

Fayette County Children and Youth Services Director Gina D-Auria is at 724-430-1283. She may be contacted here.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com.

Support the cause of Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24257,"Health Impact News Editor Comments: The article below by Dr. Mercola explains how the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics threatens your First Amendment rights and attempts to censor anyone else giving out different nutrition or diet advice. But the video above, which a user recorded walking through the 16th International Congress of Dietetics located in Sydney Australia, shows that the influence of large processed food corporations is hijacking nutrition groups globally, and not just in the U.S. As the “Sentient Dietitian” notes in the video: “I was astounded by the amount of sponsors from multinational corporations that support GMO foods. The goal of the international congress of dietetics is to standardise nutrition practice globally. Companies such as McDonalds, Mars, Nestle, Pepsi, Pfizer, Abbot, Kellogg’s and Unilever are major partners with Dietetics associations globally. Hundreds of studies were presented none of which had anthing to to about the risks of GMO foods.”

Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics Threatens Your First Amendment Rights and Attempts to Censor Paleo Blogger

By Dr. Mercola

When it comes to nutrition, it is very important that you have the right to freedom of choice. Unfortunately, organizations such as the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (AND), formerly known as American Dietetic Association (ADA), are threatening your freedom of choice and information about your health and nutrition.

Why should you be concerned?

Your most fundamental tool for staying healthy is your ability to pursue different avenues and philosophies of care, and based on that information, decide which one is best for you.

If you hope to ever achieve optimal health and wellness, you have to address your nutrition — it’s the most fundamental factor. Anyone who disputes that doesn’t understand health.

The Alliance for Natural Health is on the frontline in the battle for your freedom of choice. In the interview above, Attorney Gretchen DuBeau discusses just how vital this issue is and how organizations like AND are trying to monopolize the health industry.

It’s one more example of money and power taking precedence over what’s in the best interest of the consumer.

Your health care options should not be limited or censored by government agencies — or worst yet, criminalized for being outside the box. Particularly because what’s INSIDE the box in our “healthcare” system is generally counter to good health!

Organizations like AND are trying to use the legislative system to create an unfair monopoly in the same way physicians have (via the AMA). Their goal is simple:eliminate the competition. Paleo Blogger Steve Cooksey found himself in exactly that position — targeted by the AND because he was considered to be “the competition.”

Paleo Blogger Attacked by the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics

When Steve Cooksey received a disturbing 19-page letter from the North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition, complete with threats of arrest, he did what others are often afraid to do: he made it public. It seems his blog, which features nutrition principles based on the Paleo Diet, upset the dietetics board because it went firmly against their recommendations for diabetics. They accused him of providing “nutrition advice” or “nutrition counseling” without a license.

The Board ordered that Cooksey take down the nutritional advice or face prosecution… and outrageously prohibited him from even offering such advice for free to friends over the phone!

To fight back, on May 30, 2012, Cooksey filed a lawsuit against the North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition for violating his freedom of speech rights, assisted by the Institute for Justice.

On October 5, 2012, a federal court dismissed Cooksey’s lawsuit on the grounds he did not suffer an injury that gives him a basis to challenge the government’s actions. But he’s not backing down. He plans to appeal and will argue that the government cannot single people out, tell them their speech is illegal, and then plead in court that it has not chilled their speech. But there’s much more to this story than meets the eye. The North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition is a state chapter of the AND, and leaked internal documents show the affront against Steve Cooksey is only the beginning.

If it Were Up to the AND, Dear Abby Would be Thrown in Jail!

In April 2012, Forbes contributor Michael Ellsberg wrote an article1 detailing a leaked internal AND document that suggested the agency is moving full-steam ahead with a “strategy for gaining legal control over the term ‘nutritionist,’ as a path to limit competition for its members by silencing competing types of nutrition counseling.”

In December 2011, the AND, which is typically associated with the professional license “Registered Dietitian (RD),” applied for patents on a variety of nutrition-related professional titles, ranging from “certified nutrition coach” and “nutrition professional” to “registered nutrition educator” or “nutrition associate.” The leaked document is even more brazen, as the AND goes on at length to describe a “Mega Issue,” which is basically the need to protect the Registered Dietitian license, and increase licensure efforts and retaliations against non-licensed parties across the country.

The purpose of this is not to protect the public from receiving harmful nutrition advice, but instead to control the industry and monopolize profits. There is now an army of AND volunteers in every state who are actively trying to pass legislation at the state level — and they’ve been successfully doing so for the past decade. They operate quietly, under the radar, attacking people for “practicing without a license.” Dietitians are even promised prizes for turning people in. And this appears to be the web in which Steve Cooksey was trapped.

The AND wants you to be able to get your nutritional advice only from one of their conventionally trained Registered Dietitians, who has undergone nutritional brainwashing and sticks to the official party line. This would exclude and silence your chiropractor, naturopath, personal trainer, and any number of other individuals who may have valuable points to offer. The Institute of Justice regards this as blatant infringement on first amendment rights, and I agree. As the Institute for Justice states2:

” … the First Amendment does not allow the government to ban people from sharing ordinary advice about diet, or scrub the Internet — from blogs to Facebook to Twitter — of speech the government does not like. North Carolina can no more force Steve to become a licensed dietitian than it could require Dear Abby to become a licensed psychologist.”

AND Conferences Sing the Praises of Processed Foods and Feature Coca-Cola Exhibits

Many are unaware the AND is partnered with and sponsored by junk-food giants, including Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Mars and Kellogg. Consequently, dietary advice from many RDs is likely to be heavily biased by information from food-industry bigwigs.

Case in point: the AND’s annual conference is often called “the world’s largest meeting of food and nutrition experts.” Interestingly, these conferences are absent of any true nutritional experts whose knowledge could make a positive impact on Americans’ health. But they do showcase numerous representatives from Coca-Cola, General Mills, Kellogg, PepsiCo and other processed food and junk-food giants3. Aren’t these the companies that make precisely the foods we need to eat LESS of in order to stay healthy and fight obesity, heart disease, diabetes, cancer and countless other chronic diseases?

According to Really Eat Right, a campaign dedicated to ending the AND’s collusion with junk food and pharmaceutical industries4:

AND claims sugar and artificial colors are safe for children

AND is under investigation by congress

AND receives about $$1 million a year in payments from the pharmaceutical industry

AND allows pharmaceutical companies to market their controversial products at AND events

The credentialing arm of the AND (the Commission on Dietetic Registration) offers continuing professional courses sponsored by Coca-Cola

It’s obvious the real mission of the AND is to support the processed food and pharmaceutical industries, rather than improve public health. Unfortunately, many people will adopt their nutritional advice, and their health will suffer, as a result.

The FDA is Just as Corrupt as the AND — Probably Even More So!

An even more pernicious force than the AND is the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which is essentially an extension of the medical monopoly that strives to limit access to truthful information about nutrition and health. Their latest target has been the nutritional supplement industry. By making it virtually impossible for you to obtain good information about supplements, they increase the sale of drugs, and this makes the pharmaceutical industry oh, so happy.

I’ve received many warning letters from the FDA for saying things that are contrary to their recommendations. I’ve not been accused of saying things that are untrue, or in some way deceiving or harming people — I’ve been warned to stop saying things that are true but against the FDA’s regulations. The message is, you can only say something they approve of, and whether it’s truthful or not is beside the point.

In Europe, the censorship issue is even worse. Not only can supplement companies be pursued for making health claims, but now physicians are prohibited from giving advice about supplements. They are crippling our ability to help people achieve any level of health. Free speech is being stifled. We will never be able to access good information unless the law is changed.

The Free Speech About Science Act (H.R. 1364)

Fortunately, there is a bright spot on the horizon. Congressman Chaffetz and other representatives have introduced H.R. 1364, the Free Speech About Science Act (FSAS)5, a bill that would enable supplement companies to cite peer reviewed science. Currently, FDA regulations prohibit any reference to scientific studies by manufactures of a dietary supplement or by food producers, regarding its health benefits. Violations can result in FDA declaring common dietary supplements and food to be “unapproved drugs” — and this is censorship.

In the FDA’s view, even providing a link to a study on a website converts a healthy fruit or nut into an unapproved drug — a bizarre position that effectively censors scientific information and greatly restricts your access to valuable scientific research that would help you make informed choices about your health.

The Free Speech About Science Act provides a limited and carefully targeted change to FDA regulations so that legitimate, peer reviewed scientific studies can be referenced by manufacturers. The bill amends the appropriate sections of current law to allow the flow of legitimate scientific and educational information while still giving FDA and FTC the right to take action against misleading information and false or unsubstantiated claims.

You Can Help Fight for Your First Amendment Rights

There are steps you can take to protect free speech and your right to natural health information, including nutritional supplements.

Go to the Alliance for Natural Health and click on the “Campaigns” tab to find out what campaigns are currently active. Click on the “Take Action” tab to find out where the AND is active (at the state level) and where you can help. The action steps depend on the particular state. The site will help you contact the appropriate legislative representative so that you can urge them to not support certain bills. Also visit Really Eat Right, which tracks the actions of the AND. The site exposes AND’s funding of pharmaceutical and junk food industries, as well as concerns about advice you may get from a registered dietitian. Support H.R. 1364, the Free Speech About Science Act. You can do this by going to this page on the Alliance for Natural Health website, which includes a quick way to send your message to Congress.

Where Can You Find Truly Unbiased Nutrition Info?

Do you want nutrition advice that isn’t influenced by corporate agendas?

“Real” foods like grass-fed beef, raw butter, organic cage-free eggs, vegetables and the like are not the subject of commercial jingles or billboards, but they are the types of foods that will support optimal health. Many people are beginning to realize the bulk of the packaged, processed foods found in supermarkets are not real “food” at all, but conglomerations of excessively subsidized farm crops and chemicals manipulated to taste and look edible.

The easiest way to break free of this corporate-influenced dietary trap is by focusing on WHOLE, unadulterated foods, meaning foods that have not been processed or altered from their original state. You can find guidance about how to eat more healthfully in my free nutrition plan.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/02/19/attack-against-paleo-blogger.aspx

Global Censorship of Health Information

The Politics of Controlling Therapeutic Information to Protect State-Sponsored Drug Monopolies

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33311,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Nevada has made a legal statement many are calling “revolutionary.” It defied the USA federal ban of industrial hemp agriculture with Nevada governor Brian Sandoval’s signing into law SB 396, which was passed overwhelmingly in both the Nevada State Assembly and Senate. This allows Nevada to raise hemp for commercial use, not merely for research, within its borders.

Hemp and marijuana are of the same species. They are related. According to George Blankenbaker, president of Realhemp, Inc, hemp is the most misunderstood and underappreciated crop there is in the world. The apparent confusion between marijuana or cannabis and hemp has made growing industrial hemp without THC illegal in the USA only.

This demonstrates the incredible nonsensical irony of reluctantly allowing hemp imports from China, Canada, and parts of Europe and elsewhere to be sold anywhere in the USA, but banning them from being grown commercially in the United States.

What’s the Difference and Why the Apparent Confusion?

Both industrial hemp and marijuana belong to the Cannabis sativa L species. The differences are created by breeding to create hybrids (not GMO) for specific functions. Marijuana is bred to produce THC (tetrahydrocannabinol), which creates the taboo high, along with 60 to 80 other cannabinoids, among which CBD, (cannabidiol) is present. CBD with its vast medicinal qualities and almost no THC can be extracted from industrial hemp. More on that here.

Medicinal cannabis or marijuana demands a little more attention and care than industrial hemp, which is always grown outdoors. Marijuana is often grown indoors in small shrub-like plants. This is to control the environment sufficiently for creating predictable THC/CBD (cannabidiol) quantities and cannabinoid/terpene combinations for the entourage effect appropriate for medical and recreational purposes.

Industrial hemp, on the other hand, is grown outdoors and reaches seven to ten feet tall. Its sturdy stalks exhibit fewer leaves and less flowers than marijuana.

There’s no need for herbicides. Hemp plants mature rapidly and are ready for harvesting within four to six months from planting. It’s a rugged plant that can thrive without toxic phosphate fertilizers, which are seeping into inland waterways and spoiling ocean coastal water ecology.

As a pure cash crop, one can grow and harvest hemp twice a year in the right climates. Since hemp tends to actually rejuvenate rather than deplete topsoil without synthetic fertilizers, it makes a great rotational crop for farmers, especially organic farmers, and would also provide needed cash flow for farmers.

Industrial Hemp Can Reverse Industry’s Damage to Earth

Widespread industrial hemp cultivation would curb deforestation while supplying more oxygen into the atmosphere through its photosynthesis process of absorbing CO2 and emitting O2. One activist group even recommended growing small hemp plots on top of city buildings to help eliminate crowded urban pollution.

It’s estimated that one acre of hemp uses more CO2 and creates more oxygen than 25 acres of tree forest, and there are many other direct applications of hemp that would benefit the planet. (Source)

Using hemp to produce paper, something that was common before milling timber for paper goods, not only saves the trees, it eliminates another major contributor to inland waterway pollution from timber milling. The USDA knew as early as 1916 that one acre of hemp can produce as much paper as 4 to 10 acres of trees over a 20-year cycle, the average time it takes for trees to mature enough for milling paper.

Hemp could help reduce toxic cotton growing, which uses a ton of pesticides and herbicides. A lot of cotton is now GMO, thus contaminating considerable amounts of cotton clothing with carcinogenic glyphosate that can be absorbed by our skin. Organic cotton is getting less accessible for clothing since it costs more because it isn’t subsidized by the government the way non-organic farming is.

Our oceans are getting more and more contaminated with clusters of plastic refuse that makes its way there through our inland waterways or is dumped from barges to preserve landfill space. Hemp plastics are just as durable and flexible, and they are biodegradable. This also helps curb so called fossil fuel (oil) dependency.

Here’s an excerpt from the compilation of recent articles published in the Library of Congress which you can view here:

Comparisons of industrial hemp to hydrocarbon or other conventional industrial feed stocks show that, generally, hemp requires substantially less energy for manufacturing, often is suited to less-toxic means of processing, and provides competitive product performance (especially in terms of durability, light weight, and strength), greater recyclability and/or biodegradability, and a number of value-added applications for byproducts and waste materials at either end of the product life cycle. (Source)

Industrial hemp can be a major source of bio-fuel, eliminating the need for GMO corn and its destructive use of carcinogenic and ecologically hazardous Roundup herbicides.

A wide variety of construction materials can be cheaply made from industrial hemp. They include concrete replacements and safer insulation materials. These materials have been tested with prototype housing mentioned in the TEDx video below.

Why Passage of the SB 396 Nevada Was Hailed as Revolutionary

Nevada did not go through the bureaucratic loopholes offered by the 2014 Farm Bill section that permits state agricultural departments to conduct research for growing hemp, extracting its fiber and seed, and finally creating products from those extractions.

This research is carried on by individual farmers and hemp handlers who apply to the state’s agricultural department in cooperation with universities involved with research. It is very strictly licensed and monitored, ostensibly to ensure there are no THC levels beyond 0.3 percent by bulk in the Cannabis sativa L plants grown for industrial purposes only.

Even if that THC limit is not exceeded, the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), was once the deciding agency for permitting farmers to enjoy the benefits of hemp agriculture. The DEA did everything it could to prevent that until Congress and the Obama Administration’s Farm Act of 2014.

Prior to 2004, the DEA would not even allow hemp product imports from the rest of the world, even from nearby Canada. Several recent Congressional Reports submitted into the Library of Congress contributed to this minor improvement for permitting hemp product imports.

Kentucky was granted federal permission to grow hemp on American soil for research purposes under the auspices of the Kentucky Agricultural Department (KDA) starting in 2014. Each year more hemp acreage has been successfully cultivated and harvested. Under close supervision, limited production of hemp products are allowed as part of the research.

The original seed batches for the KDA’s program were imported by the University of Kentucky’s agricultural college from Italy. Even then, the DEA intervened, grabbing the seeds and creating a legal confrontation that had to be settled with the help of a federal judge before the research could begin.

Finally after the DEA’s legal nonsense was settled, KDA commissioner James Comer declared:

The University of Kentucky’s pilot program will help us recover much of the knowledge about industrial hemp production that has been lost since hemp was last grown in Kentucky. With their help, we will bring industrial hemp back to Kentucky and with it new jobs and new farm income. (Source)

But really, how much “research” is necessary? During the USDA sponsored hemp campaign in WWII, “Hemp for Victory,” farmers who wanted a fast, easy cash crop by demonstrating patriotism for the war effort simply went out and created hemp crops, many as they had done just a few years earlier.

Was Hysteria Over Marijuana a Cover Story to Protect Powerful Industrial Interests?

The phrase “apparent confusion” was used earlier in the article to express this reporter’s cynicism toward government food and medical protective agencies.

Many modern historians consider the real motive behind banning hemp cultivation was not to protect citizens from the purported ravages of marijuana. Instead, it was a concerted attempt by industrialists and financial giants to protect their vested interests by influencing the federal government using people in key government positions.

It was probably no coincidence that legislation against hemp, classified as marijuana, began during the late 1930s when cannabis or hemp was being used by AMA doctors for medicinal purposes and a 1938 Popular Science magazine declared hemp as a new billion dollar crop because of increased access to modern more efficient fiber removing decorticating machines.

According to some historians, this threatened the synthetic textile industry of Dupont with its rayon invention, cotton fiber agriculture for clothing, the Hearst publication empire’s wood pulp for paper industry with its connection to the timber industry, and the burgeoning petroleum based plastic industry.

Even though some CBD (cannabidiol) can be raised with cannabis or marijuana plant hybrid to reduce THC to only trace levels, it can also be extracted from industrial hemp. The medicinal effects of CBD from marijuana (cannabis) plants may offer more cannabinoids and terpenes than industrial hemp’s CBD, but industrial hemp CBD is still a powerful medicine for many maladies, serious and minor. (Source)

It is easy to assume that current pharmaceutical industry patents for synthetic CBD are protected by not allowing industrial hemp to exist as a domestic agricultural commodity in this nation.

Fortunately, despite ignorant political officials pontificating against hemp and cannabis, it has become apparent that the world is slowly catching on to the need for substituting our toxic commodities and building materials with safe industrial hemp.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21932,"Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

Doctors today are over-prescribing diagnostic tests and drugs, and patients need to learn how to say “no” to their doctors. This message, surprisingly, is coming from the mainstream media. While this has been a clear message for many years now in the alternative media, that message is now going “mainstream.”

This month, the British Medical Journal (BMJ) published a report on the increasing number of people being put on medication for high blood pressure. They note how the creation of a new category, “prehypertension,” allows doctors to prescribe hypertension drugs with much lower numbers in diastolic pressure tests.

They conclude:

Lowering definitions of hypertension has led to identification and drug treatment of larger populations of patients despite lack of evidence that drugs reduce morbidity or mortality.

The BMJ also reported on how diagnostic testing often finds “problems” that don’t necessarily need treatment, and can lead to creating the very problems they are supposed to be screening to detect. They specifically looked at breast cancer screening and prostate cancer treatment.

Time Magazine ran a story on the BMJ reports highlighting the problem of doctors over-prescribing tests and medications with an article written by Alexandra Sifferlin: The Global Problem With Overdiagnosis and Overtreatment.

Sifferlin writes:

“Instead of recommending lifestyle modifications proven to work, like cutting back on alcohol and exercising more, many doctors opt for drugs because they want to do something right away… Most doctors feel a little under siege; they see blood pressure rising and weight going up and they want to do something, but they know they have huge headwinds,” says Saini. “Prescribing a pill is the path of least resistance, but it’s a lot of money.” According to the researchers, the clinical treatment for mild hypertension needs to shift away from a heavy emphasis on drugs. (Source.)

Probably the most comprehensive coverage on this issue of over-prescribing drugs and medical procedures in the mainstream media this month came from the October edition of Men’s Journal: When to Say No to Your Doctor.

Joseph Hooper writes:

Every time you walk into a physician’s office, you run the risk of overtreatment: Tests you don’t need, medications that are ineffective (or dangerous), procedures that cause more problems than they solve. In many cases the best thing for your health is to do nothing. (Source.)

The Men’s Journal has three sections to provide information to people in learning how to refuse medical treatment:

Hooper says that there are some “well-respected, influential physicians” who are breaking away from the status quo to reveal this problem with over-prescribing tests and drugs.

Patients Need to Take Control of Their Own Health

I am encouraged that the mainstream media is highlighting these problems. The alternative media has been pointing out these problems for many years now, and those who have traditionally viewed us as “quacks” should pause to take notice. Those who have swallowed whole everything coming out of the medical system and their propaganda vehicle, the mainstream media, have now been made aware of the problem, and validated some of the things the alternative health community has said for years.

It’s a positive step in the right direction. But that’s all it is, a tiny baby step.

As a publisher of Internet content on alternative health since early 2000, when we dared to publish the truth regarding saturated fats and coconut oil against the tide of the medical system and mainstream media who opposed us, I have had a unique perspective from behind my computer and interacting with hundreds of thousands of people over the years on various alternative health topics.

One thing I applaud in this recent about-face in the mainstream media is their warning that the patient needs to take back control of their health, and not rely on the “health experts” in the medical system. Let’s face it, the current system exists because it is profitable, and the population willingly complies with their directives. The first step in taking control of your own health is realizing that your doctor is not always correct, and often has a conflict of interest.

Medical professionals who are paid for their services work FOR YOU, not the other way around. Like any other profession, they are paid consultants. So if you do your own research and homework prior to paying for their consultation, you become an active participant in the process, and you are less likely to become a compliant victim of medical abuse or errors.

If we want doctors and other medical professionals to change, then it has be driven by patient demands. If patients change and assume more control of their health, it will force doctors to change also. You have a lot more power than you realize, as a consumer of medical products.

The Internet today is a powerful tool, putting at your finger tips access to the same information that doctors and medical professionals have. Don’t be fooled by the common accusation that “The Internet is a dangerous place to get health information.”

Nonsense. The Internet is nothing more than a looking glass that crosses geographical boundaries. It EMPOWERS the consumer to be able to study the same journal articles and research available to the medical profession. Take advantage of it!

Sure, there is a lot of bogus information on the Internet as well, but that has always been true of any information source. But the power of the Internet is that you can do your own research, and do not have to be spoon-fed information filtered through the mainstream media any longer. If you make a trip in to see a doctor about something, do your homework first and research the issues. Ask intelligent questions about research that either supports or contradicts what your doctor says, and ask the tough questions. If your doctor cannot answer your questions, and is unwilling to research issues beyond what they were taught in medical school, go somewhere else!

Can a Flawed System Fix Itself?

While it is also encouraging that there are reportedly a few “well-respected and influential physicians” breaking away from the status quo, we must ask ourselves: can a system so seriously flawed as the current U.S. medical system really fix its own flaws?

A recent study showed that although the U.S. ranks first in healthcare spending, it ranks last in life expectancy among richer nations. (See: U.S. Ranks First in Healthcare Spending – Last in Life Expectancy.) A report in 2010 by the Public Citizen’s Health Research Group showed that the pharmaceutical industry was the the biggest defrauder of the federal government, with the largest criminal settlements for fraud of all other industries.

Government officials leave the government to work for the pharmaceutical industry that they used to regulate, in a common revolving door practice rampant with fraud. Deaths due to prescription drugs and hospital errors are now the leading cause of death in the U.S. And government agencies like the FDA crack down on anyone daring to sell health services that compete with the pharmaceutical industry. One cannot make health claims for any product unless it has gone through the multi-million dollar process of getting it approved as a drug by the FDA.

So maybe, just maybe, those using alternative health products that are not approved by the FDA are not the “quacks” after all.

Global Censorship of Health Information

The Politics of Controlling Therapeutic Information to Protect State-Sponsored Drug Monopolies

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23749,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Julie Gerberding was in charge of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) from 2002 to 2009, which includes the years the FDA approved the Merck Gardasil vaccine. Soon after she took over the CDC, she reportedly [1]completely overhauled the agency’s organizational structure, and many of the CDC’s senior scientists and leaders either left or announced plans to leave. Some have claimed that almost all of the replacements Julie Gerberding appointed had ties to the vaccine industry. [2]

Gerberding resigned from the CDC on January 20, 2009, and took over as the president of Merck’s Vaccine division, a 5 billion dollar a year operation, and the supplier of the largest number of vaccines the CDC recommends (article here [3]).

It was reported earlier this month that Dr. Gerberding, now the executive vice president of pharmaceutical giant Merck, sold 38,368 of her shares in Merck stock for $$2,340,064.32. She still holds 31,985 shares of the company’s stock, valued at about $$2 million. (Source. [4])

Besides examples like this showing a clear conflict of interest between government agencies tasked with overseeing public health and vaccine safety and pharmaceutical companies, the National Institute of Health also holds patents on vaccines such as Gardasil, and earns royalties from the sale of vaccines.

Dr. Eric Suba tried to use the Freedom of Information Act to find out how much money the National Institute of Health (NIH) earned from the sale of Gardasil [5], but they refused to report the amount of revenue the government earns from this vaccine (although not denying they do earn royalties). Did you know that the government earns royalties from the sale of the Gardasil vaccine? Does your doctor promoting the HPV vaccine know this?

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [6]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24204,"By Alexander Gaffney

Regulatory Affairs Professionals Society



Excerpts:

The US Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) is providing a gift to manufacturers of prospective vaccines meant to protect patients against the Ebola virus: Protection from legal liability.

In an announcement in the 9 December 2014 edition of the Federal Register, DHHS said it was issuing a new declaration that would “provide liability protection for activities related to Ebola virus disease vaccines consistent with the terms of the declaration.”

For ordinary vaccines, the US government offers legal protection through its National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (NVICP) and a unique vaccine claims court system, both of which are funded through a tax assessed on vaccines.

But in emergency situations, the US government operates on a slightly different system. Under the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness (PREP) Act of 2005, DHHS is allowed to declare that a certain product is immune from liability as long as it is administered or used as a medical countermeasure in a specific patient population.

DHHS said it would use this same authority to allow all use of Ebola vaccines—barring, of course, “willful misconduct”—without concern to legal liability.

The liability waiver extends “without geographic limitation,” DHHS noted, and is in effect for the next 12 months.

To date, no such vaccine products have been approved or made available for use through the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

Read the full article here.

Comment from Wayne Rhode, author of The Vaccine Court: The Dark Truth of America’s Vaccine Injury Compensation Program

My concerns, and there are many, that the Sec’y of HHS now has power to declare any vaccine manufacturer IMMEDIATELY indemnified for their products. The normal course is to submit for approval process thru legislative, executive, and public review. The Sec’y of HHS actions on the coattails of the PREP Act of 2005 (Bush) and modifications in 2013 (Obama) clearly allows the narrative of terrorism to be used as the rational for these decisions. The original scope was the concern over weaponizing anthrax by our enemies. And that is a legit concern. Now, the circle has drawn complete. Ebola vaccine now, then any type of flu vaccine in the future. With the PREP Act and modifications, vaccine exemptions and personal liberty are now thrown out of the window if an emergency is declared by the Executive Branch for a pandemic and NOW, a terrorist attack. Those who do not accept the vaccine, will be quarantined. For those who are vaccinated with the Ebola vaccine and are injured, the path for compensation is NOT through the NVICP or Vaccine Court. It is through the super secret CounterMeasures Injury Compensation Program. No attorneys allowed, just you against the Sec’y of HHS. And we will not know how many people or the injuries.

Read the full article and Comment at VaccineImpact.com

See Also:

Dissolving Illusions: Disease, Vaccines, and The Forgotten History

by Dr. Suzanne Humphries and Roman Bystrianyk

Free Shipping Available!

Learn More",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24163,"War on Integrative Medicine, Part Two: Eliminate Supplements

By Alliance for Natural Health

Why are the attacks on supplements becoming so loud?

By now anyone not living in a cave has heard the message loud and clear: don’t use supplements. Either they are a harmless waste of money, or they’re a harmful threat to your health (note that these points are contradictory). This message has been repeated over and over both in journals and in conventional media outlets. It is, with very few exceptions, junk science. Even in the few instances when it is right, it is wrong.

Here’s an example of what we mean by being right and wrong at the same time. Journals and the media keep insisting on calling alpha-tocopherol “vitamin E.” This is incorrect.

Vitamin E is comprised of mixed tocopherols and tocotrienols. Too much alpha-tocopherol can interfere with your body’s use of the arguably more important gamma form. Hence studies that supplement alpha alone and call it vitamin E are both inaccurate and doing something that does not occur in nature. In addition, in most instances the alpha-tocopherol being tested is dl-alpha-tocopherol, which is the fully synthetic form, also not something you will ever find in nature.

Similarly, studies suggesting there is a heart risk associated with supplementing calcium are both right and wrong. They are right because calcium needs some essential co-factors to move into the bones instead of the circulatory system. These include vitamin K2 in particular, along with vitamin D3 and other less important factors. This is one reason (among others) why the World Health Organization’s 2010 proposal to put calcium in the water supply was simply crazy.

Another way to be right and wrong simultaneously is to use a tiny bit of a supplement and say that it had no measurable effect. This is spending a great deal of money in order to state what should have been obvious. There is no point studying supplements if you don’t test meaningful doses. To do this, you have to do what researchers least want to do: actually consult with integrative doctors, the people with clinical experience using supplements.

Not understanding co-factors and proper dosages is perhaps excusable. The other tricks used to make supplements look dangerous are really dubious: the intentional cherry picking of studies, most of them with very questionable data, followed by all kinds of “clever” statistical manipulations, among other underhanded techniques.

For example, if you are allowed to see the underlying data (often not the case) and dig into it deeply enough, you find that people using supplements lived longer. But the researchers then “corrected” for lifestyle habits (e.g., diet), throwing in as many factors as they liked, until they could force the remaining data into a weak statistical result that now seemed to say the supplements actually hurt. Why does the researcher bother to go to all this trouble when he or she clearly had already decided on the answer?

Recently, more and more researchers have been going to more and more trouble to find evidence—any evidence, no matter how weak or falsified—to shore up conclusions they have already reached. Why? And why have reporters more or less done the opposite, going to no trouble at all, just parroting press releases? In the latter case, it can’t just be laziness.

This increasing phenomenon of underhanded attacks amplified mindlessly by the mass press suggests that the natural health idea, based on diet and lifestyle, not just supplements, must be reaching people. This seems to be a campaign of push-back, and it is getting bigger and bigger.

There is the old story about how new ideas emerge. First, they are scoffed at: “What a complete joke!” As the ideas advance, the entrenched interests who benefit from the old ideas lapse into a stony silence: “Shh! Don’t let any more people hear about this!” In phase three, there is a very vocal campaign of push-back from the entrenched interests.

Stage three seems to be where we are at now. Do you know how to tell we have reached the final, fourth stage, the stage in which the new ideas are finally accepted? It is when the former opponents of the new ideas say, “Oh, we knew that all along!”

During our current third stage of vocal attack on natural health, one of the oft-heard arguments against supplements is, “Hey, just eat well. You can get everything you need from food.” That seems reasonable. It at least nods in the direction of natural health ideas, because we do believe that diet is vital. But it is wrong, for a number of reasons.

Studies suggest that Americans are short of many essential nutrients. Dr. Bruce Ames, emeritus professor of biochemistry and molecular biology at the University of California at Berkeley, points out that 60% of Americans get too little magnesium, one of our most important nutrients. Magnesium alone is needed for over 300 biochemical reactions, according to the Life Extension Foundation. Dr. Ames estimates that not getting enough of the right nutrients in general is shortening the average lifespan by eight to ten years.

Partly this is because many of us don’t eat well. But there are numerous other reasons why we might not get sufficient nutrients from food alone. One of them is conventional medical treatment, especially medical mistakes. One of the gravest mistakes of modern medicine appears to be blocking the acid in people’s stomachs in the mistaken belief that this will control acid reflux or stomach pain over the long run.

As we have often pointed out, the evidence has always existed that people lose stomach acid as they age and it is often the lack of acid that contributes both to reflux and stomach pain. Even the FDA has only authorized the use of acid blockers for short periods of time. Yet doctors routinely prescribe them for years.

And what does the lack of stomach acid lead to—in addition to steadily worsening stomach problems for millions of sufferers? Malnutrition, of course (one example of which is vitamin B12 deficiency). How can we properly digest protein and especially minerals without the acid that is supposed to be in our stomachs? And don’t forget pneumonia: lack of acid lets the bugs through and has been shown by creditable researchers to lead to more serious illness and even death. The culprit is often the class of gastric acid-suppressing drugs known as PPIs, or proton pump inhibitors, like Nexium and Prevacid, among the most widely prescribed drugs in the US, with nearly 110 million prescriptions and $$13.9 billion in sales in 2010, in addition to over-the-counter sales. In other words, a huge number of Americans are malnourished from PPIs alone.

Think about a doctor who both prescribes acid blockers for years and tells his patient not to take supplements. He or she may be literally starving the patient to death, however many years it takes to play out. Other drugs may also interfere with nutrition in ways that are barely understood, and surgical trauma certainly requires extra nutrients to heal.

In our next article, we’ll cover some particularly egregious recent attacks on supplements coming both from a medical journal published by—who else—the American Medical Association and amplified by the mainstream media.

War on Integrative Medicine, Part Three: Get the Public to Believe Junk Science

AMA-helmed medical journals twist nutritional science and the mainstream media gobbles it up. Both are financially supported by Big Pharma.

On December 17, three studies on nutritional supplements were published in the same issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine. Practitioners, consumers, and scientists—both integrative and conventional—dismissed the studies as inconclusive, poorly interpreted, structurally questionable, and much too vague to truly analyze the benefits of supplementation.

It’s not surprising that “leading” medical journals and doctors continue to argue against natural alternatives to pharmaceutical drugs—they’re even more drug and drug money-dependent than even the average American. For example, doctors frequently rely on drug companies to pay for mandatory Continuing Medical Education (CME) classes, while journals like the Annals of Internal Medicine are utterly beholden to the advertising dollars of drug companies.

Unconvincing studies on dietary supplements are nothing new. However, these three had a unique advantage: in what appears to be an attempt to generate media buzz, they were accompanied by a scathing editorial that gleefully declared “case closed” on the effectiveness of dietary supplements.

The editorial, entitled “Enough is Enough: Stop Wasting Money on Vitamin and Mineral Supplements,” based its “decree” on those three flawed or inconclusive studies. Keep in mind that at this point, there are hundreds of thousands of scientific studies suggesting that supplements can be valuable.

As noted by ANH-USA board member Dr. Ron Hoffman, the compliance of patients to these particular “negative” studies’ supplementation regimen is unclear. “Recall” studies—where participants self-report whether or not they complied with the experiment’s protocols, sometimes years before—are notoriously unreliable.

We might add that one doesn’t really know for sure what the individuals took, what doses it contained, whether the right co-factors were taken, and of course whether the individuals were deficient in the substance to start with. In some cases, scientists devising studies do not even seem to know much about what they are studying.

As we point out in our companion article, so-called studies of vitamin E mostly use only alpha-tocopherols, even though it should be understood by now that tocopherols must be mixed, and that too much of the alpha form interferes with absorption of the arguably more vital gamma form. This is somewhat like the World Health Organization recommending putting calcium in the water supply without any realization that calcium without co-factor vitamin K2 in particular can create a heart risk rather than a bone benefit. The degree of ignorance about these basic points in many researchers is at this point inexcusable.

The Editorial Was Also Based on Flawed Assumptions

The editorial stated:

Most supplements do not prevent chronic disease or death, their use is not justified, they should be avoided. This message is especially true for the general population with no clear evidence of micronutrient deficiencies, who represent most supplement users in the United States.

This simply isn’t true. Most consumers don’t take vitamins to “prevent chronic disease or death,” as the editorial says. They’re just trying to bolster their overall health in combination with diet, exercise, and lifestyle choices. The integrative community knows there’s no “magic pill” for health, and therefore strives for holistic solutions. In this sense, the Annals editorial perfectly personified the Achilles’ Heel of modern medicine: its hyper-focus on piecemeal, “one-pill-per-symptom” approaches to health.

Implying that the general population has “no micronutrient deficiencies” perpetuates a common anti-supplement myth: that we can get all of the vitamins and minerals we need from the average American diet. Common sense and a growing body of scientific evidence heartily disagree!

Fully twenty percent of Americans eat fast food twice a week; fourteen percent eat fast food three or more times a week. We can’t get all the micronutrients we need from burgers and fries! But even if we were to eschew fast food and crafted healthy meals every day, we’d still be lacking critical micronutrients: according to the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES), up to 93% of Americans don’t get enough micronutrients in their diet due, in part, to soil depletion and our practice of breeding plants based solely on taste and aesthetics: in vegetables, for example, iron content has fallen 27% since 1940. As we have also pointed out, people vary greatly in their ability to digest and assimilate nutrients.

Study One: Multivitamins and Adults

This meta-analysis (which combines the results of selected independent studies, which itself introduces bias) showed “no clear evidence” of a beneficial effect of supplements on cancer prevention. Surprised by these results, ANH-USA’s sister organization, ANH-International, did a thorough analysis of the study’s design and found it to be a “perfect example of a study designed to fail”:

The supplementation doses were below the Institute of Medicine’s Tolerable Upper Levels (ULs). ULs are intrinsically flawed and result in extremely low doses, as they focus on the single most sensitive adverse effect occurring in the most vulnerable sub-population. It’s likely that these doses were too low to have any real effect.

The supplements used were synthetic, “bargain basement” multivitamins produced by Big Pharma.

The study failed to address how supplementation works in tandem with a healthful, active lifestyle.

Additionally, the study claimed to analyze multivitamins—yet out of the twenty-seven studies considered, only three looked at multivitamins.

According to the editorial’s summary, multivitamins do not prevent cognitive decline in men over 65. However, according to the study’s own declaration of limitations, the doses used may have been “too low” and the study participants “too well-nourished” to benefit from a multivitamin.

Participants in this study were considered “adherent” to their multivitamin regimen if they took it a mere two-thirds of the time—as LEF pointed out in its rebuttal, that means you could skip the multivitamin four months out of the year, and still be included in the study results!

There’s also the problem of taking a single multivitamin for something as serious as cognitive decline, when other supplements (such as some B vitamins and foods such as coconut oil) are far more appropriate.

Then there’s the problem of the study’s main sponsors—and the strong possibility of conflicts of interest: Pfizer (which has been trying and failing to market an Alzheimer’s drug) and the chemical company BASF. These companies have a vested interest in the failure of supplements to help cognitive decline.

Study Three: Multivitamins in the Prevention of a Second Heart Attack

The intent of this study was to learn more about chelation therapy, not determine the benefits of dietary supplements. But somehow, the editorial uses this study as hard evidence that multivitamins don’t work.

You wouldn’t be able to tell this from the headlines, but any conclusions that can safely be drawn from the study actually indicate the incredible benefit of dietary supplements: those who took multivitamins without statins experienced a 34% reduction of cardiovascular risk! This is enough to “reach a high level of statistical significance,” (meaning it’s unlikely that the benefit observed was due to chance).

How could the editorial’s authors claim otherwise? In their analysis, they misleadingly lumped patients with vital differences together in one group. For example, some of the study participants were taking statins, while some weren’t. Since past research has shown that dietary supplements for heart health should not be used in tandem with statins (just another reason why statins have more drawbacks than benefits!), the results of the statin and non-statin groups should have been analyzed separately. Instead, the editors assessed them together. This essentially compared “apples to oranges,” and skewed the overall results.

Furthermore, the authors failed to acknowledge that subjects in the group that received multivitamins had a higher rate of diabetes. The problem? Since people with diabetes are twice as likely to suffer heart disease, this may have also tainted the study’s “lump sum” results.

In any case, as both the study itself and the editorial are forced to state, no definitive conclusions can be safely drawn from this study, because it had a participant drop-out and non-adherence rate of 46%!

The Annals served up exactly what mainstream media loves: a reinforcement of the conventional medical narrative, “definitive” hyperbole, and a healthy dose of natural-health-bashing. The Wall Street Journal, Slate, Reuters, the New York Times, Fox News, and a number of local news outlets gobbled up the editorial word-for-word, leading with such headlines as “Study Finds Multivitamins Are a Complete Waste of Money, Why Do We Keep Taking Them?”

In their eagerness to bash supplements, the mainstream media seems to have lost their memory (we’d recommend niacinamide for that): less than two years ago, they touted the Journal of American Medical Association’s study, which found that low-dose multivitamins may help prevent cancer in men, cutting their risk by up to 8%. The difference? That study’s centerpiece was the multivitamin Centrum Silver, made by Big Pharma company and mainstream-media advertising giant Pfizer.

What this demonstrates is how utterly controlling Big Pharma is when it comes to these studies. When the drug companies want to show supplements in a bad light (because they might compete with their high-dollar pharmaceutical, as with statins), the results are negative. But once in a while, when they have their own product to sell (here, their own brand of multivitamin), the results are more positive. Pfizer doesn’t sell expensive pharmaceuticals that “prevent” cancer, so they’re content to make a few bucks off of the mainstream media promoting their junk, low-dose vitamin.

Read the full articles here: http://www.anh-usa.org/eliminate-supplements/ and here: http://www.anh-usa.org/public-junk-science/

Global Censorship of Health Information

The Politics of Controlling Therapeutic Information to Protect State-Sponsored Drug Monopolies

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24868,"by Dr. Mercola

The medical profession has a long history of opposing alternative healing professions.

While always claiming public safety as its reason for the attacks, the true reasons often involve protecting their monopoly of the healthcare market.

Medicine’s opposition to chiropractic was its strongest under the leadership of Morris Fishbein, Secretary of the American Medical […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17371,"Health Impact News Editor Comments: If you think the low-carb high-fat and high-protein diet is a recent dietary fad, think again! Watch this old clip from an Andy Griffith show where Barney Fife basically repeats the common dietary wisdom prevalent back in the 1950s and 1960s, that glucose and refined carbohydrates (such as Aunt Bee’s apple pie) were something to be careful of, and not the saturated fat-loaded meat loaf on the family dinner table.

Thanks to Tom Naughton for pointing this out on his blog: http://www.fathead-movie.com/index.php/2011/06/14/words-of-wisdom-from-andy-and-barney-1964/ [1]

[2]

Free Shipping Available!

More Info [2].",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24782,"By Dr. Mercola

The debate over the dangers of fluoride has been ongoing for more than six decades. Study after study confirms that fluoride is a dangerous, toxic poison that bioaccumulates in your body while being ineffective at preventing dental decay.

Dr. David Kennedy’s documentary film Fluoridegate — An American Tragedy1, exposes the sordid truth about water […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24371,"I met Holly Johnson this past weekend at our Northern Virginia Whole Foods Nutrition [3] meetup group. When I heard her dramatic testimony of how a change in diet enabled her to become pregnant, just had to share it with you!

Here is our video interview!

For more information on low carb diets, I recommend Living La Vida Low Carb blog [4] by Jimmy Moore. If others have suggestions on helpful weight loss sites, please add them to the comments, below.

Coming soon, a guest blog by a medical doctor who has just come out with a book on weight loss. He has helped thousands upon thousands of patients lose weight. We spoke on the phone yesterday, and I am very excited to hear what he has to share!

Check the Books and Literature section [5] of my resources page for more help on nutrition and lifestyle changes to improve your health. New Trends Publishing offers several excellent weight loss books, A Life Unburdened and Eat Fat, Lose Fat, for instance.

Kimberly Hartke is a health and wellness blogger. She and her husband lost 50 lbs between them by following a healthy fat, good carb diet, which emphasized low glycemic carbs.

This post is part of the Real Food Wednesday blog carnival. You’ll find lots of healthy recipes and real food ideas on Kelly the Kitchen Kop [6].

Read the full blog post here: http://hartkeisonline.com/natural-health/infertility-vanished-with-one-womans-weight-loss/ [7]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43824,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

The overuse of prescription drugs among military personnel is well documented, as a much higher percentage of military personnel are prescribed anti-psychotic drugs than the general public. This has led to a high rate of suicide, where more service members die by suicide than in combat. 22 veterans kill themselves every single day.

Retired Army Colonel and psychologist, Bart Billings, is passionate about the harm being inflicted upon the nation’s military. As one of the first professionals to disclose the link between psychotropic drug use and military suicides [1], Billings founded an annual International Military and Civilian Combat Stress Conference to promote effective, integrative, alternative, and individual treatment approaches without the use of harmful psychiatric drugs.

Today’s military is being drugged at epidemic rates for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) which, according to Billings, is not a disorder at all. “PTSD isn’t a disorder,” said Billings. “Ninety-nine percent of anybody that goes into combat is experiencing Post Traumatic Stress. It’s a normal reaction to being in an abnormal environment.”

“You shouldn’t really be medicating them,” Billings stated, “because they have a normal brain and once you medicate these people, what happens is it’s much, much harder to work with them because now you’re working with somebody whose brain functioning is chemically, physiologically changed by the medications.”

Billings believes that the best mental health is found in a strong sense of involvement and caring, which leads to trust. Billings said, “In my 47 years of treating people, although I had access to using psychiatric medication, I never recommended a single psychiatric drug. In all these years, I can state unequivocally, I therefore never had a person commit suicide or a homicide while in my care.”



It was good to see this very serious problem addressed by NPR in a recent broadcast [2] of “All Things Considered.” The program reveals the amazing story of one veteran who realized he was addicted to these prescription drugs, but had to disobey doctor’s orders to stop using them.

Veterans Kick The Prescription Pill Habit, Against Doctors’ Orders

by Quil Lawrence [2]

NPR [2]

Excerpts:

1 in 3 veterans polled say they are on 10 different medications.

While there is concern about overmedicating and self-medicating — using alcohol or drugs without a doctor’s approval — there are also some veterans who are trying to do the opposite: They’re kicking the drugs, against doctor’s orders.

Will, the veteran whose list of medications takes six minutes to read, has stopped taking those drugs.

“I always keep at least one month on supply,” Will says. “My next month’s supply comes next week, so as soon as they come in, I take those and I flush them. And then I just scrape my name off all the pill bottles and throw them all away.”

Will, who is in the process of medically retiring from the Army, keeps that month’s supply of pills on hand for a reason: He gets drug-tested to make sure he is taking his medications. That’s to ensure he’s not selling his drugs on the street — which isn’t uncommon.

So every few months, when he has an appointment coming up, Will gets himself back on his drugs. He gradually works up to the dose he’s supposed to be on. He recently cycled himself off the medications again after a doctor’s appointment.

“I’m actually feeling pretty good,” Will says. “I’ve now been fully off the meds for nine days. The first three days of being off them were really bad; just real bad nausea, diarrhea, shaky.”

Will hopes he’ll be out of the Army soon and can stop the roller coaster of getting on and off the drugs. But for now, he says, it’s worth it. When he was on the medications, he was a shut-in, he says, depressed and too doped up to drive.

Read the Full Story here [2].",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43867,"by Dr. David Stewart, Ph.D.

The Chemistry of Essential Oils

If you tell most medical doctors that essential oils bring about healing with no negative side effects, they won’t believe you. This is because in medical school, students are repeatedly told by their professors that all effective medicines have negative side effects, and if they don’t then they can’t be effective.

When I was in medical school one professor emphasized this point in a colorful, graphic manner with specially prepared slides. In each slide specific drugs were depicted as evil looking demons or goblins. As he presented each picture, he explained, “Although ugly and capable of doing harm, these ‘demons’ are also the bearers of some good. So long as the benefits outweigh the risks, we use them,” he summarized. “We have no choice,” he continued, “because if a drug has no dangers, then it can have no benefits. That’s just the way it is. And that’s why it is essential that only qualified physicians be allowed to prescribe medicines,” he concluded.

Actually, the professor was telling the truth. Within the restricted practice of allopathy (MDs) the only real medicines are physician prescribed pharmaceuticals. Such medicines always do have negative side effects. All of them. No exceptions. Hence, doctors are trained to accept the bad with the good as the price of effective medicine.

The Danger is in the Drug Itself

The dangers of prescription drugs are intrinsic to the drugs themselves, not in how they are administered. No matter how careful the physician in prescribing and how compliant the patient in following doctor’s orders, even then deaths and damages occur. In fact, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control, more than 100,000 Americans die every year, not from illegal drugs, not from drug overdoses, not from over-the-counter drugs, and not from drug abuses, but from properly prescribed, properly taken prescriptions. In this country, more people die from doctor’s prescriptions every ten days than were killed in the 9/11 terrorist attacks.

Why is this so? Why do allopathic drugs always have undesirable effects (along with their apparent benefits) while one can find healing with natural products, such as essential oils, with no undesirable effects? Here is why.

Why Companies Deliberately Sell Dangerous Products

It is illegal to patent any natural product. The way to big profits in the medicine industry is to create an unnatural substance that never before existed in nature, then patent it, and obtain a monopoly. Hence, the molecules of pharmaceutical drugs are all strange to the human body. In all the history of humankind, such molecules were never encountered or taken into any human body. Hence, the body does not easily metabolize them. God never made your body to accept and deal with these chemicals and antibiotics.

Non-toxic natural organic substances are usually easily eliminated by the body when their usefulness has run their course. Up to a point, your body can even deal with and eliminate natural toxic substances. But when your body receives a synthetic substance, even one that may seem benign or inert (like plastic), your body does not know how to metabolize and eliminate it. If sent to the liver to break it down into disposable compounds, the liver says, “Hey. What is this? I don’t know what to do with it. Here kidneys, you take it.” Then the kidneys react saying, “Hey liver, don’t send it to us. We don’t know what it is either. Send it to the pancreas. Maybe it will have an enzyme that can deal with it.” Then the pancreas objects, “Hey guys, what do you think you are doing? I don’t want this stuff. Dump it in the blood or the lymph or try the spleen. Maybe the spleen can filter this thing out or something.” Finally, the substance ends up in the long term waste holding area of the body (usually fat tissue, including the brain) where it can remain for years and even for a lifetime, perturbing normal body functions as long as it remains. That’s why you can find traces of prescription drugs in your body taken in childhood, decades ago.

On the other hand, natural molecules, such as those found in essential oils, are easily metabolized by the body. In fact, your body was created to handle them. When an essential oil molecule finds the receptor sites it was designed to fit and conveys its information to the cell, or participates in other therapeutic functions, it then goes on its way to the liver and the kidneys and moves out of the body. Its benefits have been conveyed and its job is complete.

By contrast, the unnatural molecules of man-made drugs attach themselves to various tissues, disrupting normal function for years while the body tries to figure out what to do with them. Meanwhile, they wreak mischief with our bodily functions and even our minds.

Who is in Control?

Another reason commercial drug companies don’t want to sell natural products is that they are not in complete control of their production. When you synthesize everything in a laboratory, you are in control. You can produce your medicines at will, in any quantity, whenever you choose. This way you can meet market demands as they materialize.

When you depend on nature to grow your product, God is in control. You are at the mercy of the seasons. You can only grow so much with a given year’s crop. If a year’s supply runs out before the next crop is ready for harvest, then you and your customers just have to wait. Meanwhile, you lose potential sales and profits.

Drug companies want to be totally in charge of producing their products. They don’t want God to be in charge. By omitting God from the manufacture of their medicines, they have omitted his healing power.

Drugs versus Oils

Drugs and oils work in opposite ways. Drugs toxify. Oils detoxify. Drugs clog and confuse receptor sites. Oils clean receptor sites.

Drugs depress the immune system. Oils strengthen the immune system. Antibiotics attack bacteria indiscriminately, killing both the good and the bad. Oils attack only the harmful bacteria, allowing our body’s friendly flora to flourish.

Drugs are one-dimensional, programmed like robots to carry out certain actions in the body, whether the body can benefit from them or not. When body conditions change, drugs keep on doing what they were doing, even when their actions are no longer beneficial.

Essential oils are multi-dimensional, filled with homeostatic intelligence to restore the body to a state of healthy balance. When body conditions change, oils adapt, raising or lowering blood pressure as needed, stimulating or repressing enzyme activity as needed, energizing or relaxing as needed. Oils are smart. Drugs are dumb.

Drugs are designed to send misinformation to cells or block certain receptor sites in order to trick the body into giving up symptoms. But drugs never deal with the actual causes of disease. They aren’t designed for that purpose. While they may give prompt relief for certain uncomfortable symptoms, because of their strange, unnatural design, they will always disrupt certain other bodily functions. Thus, you always have some side effects.

Oil molecules send information to cells and cleanse receptor sites so that they bring your body back to natural function. Oils are balancing to the body. Drugs are unbalancing to the body. Oils address the causes of disease at a cellular level by deleting misinformation and reprogramming correct information so that cells function properly and in harmony with one another. With drugs, misinformation is fed into the cells so that some temporary relief may be obtained, but there is never any true healing. Drugs only trade one kind of disease for another.

Because essential oils properly applied always work toward the restoration of proper bodily function, they do not cause undesirable side effects. They are feeding the body with truth. Drugs feed the body with lies. While no amount of truth can contradict itself, it doesn’t take many lies before contradictions occur and the body suffers ill effects.

Eighteen Doctors Speak Out

Not all physicians are caught up in the idea that the only good medicines are ones that can also be harmful. Here are some comments by physicians, themselves, on the practice of medicine.

“Every educated physician knows that most diseases are not appreciably helped by medicine.”

Richard C. Cabot, M.D. Professor Harvard School of Medicine; Author of Differential Diagnosis, The Art of Ministering to the Sick, and other books.

“The cause of most disease is in the poisonous drugs physicians superstitiously give in order to effect a cure.”

Charles E. Page, M.D.

“Medicines are of subordinate importance because of their very nature, they can only work symptomatically.”

Hans Kusche, M.D.

“The person who takes medicine must recover twice, once from the disease and once from the medicine.”

William Osler, M.D.

“If all the medicine in the world were thrown into the sea, it would be bad for the fish and good for humanity”

O.W. Holmes, M.D. American Poet, Professor of Medicine, Dartmouth College and Harvard University

“Drug medications consist in employing, as remedies for disease, those things which produce disease in well persons. Its materia medica is simply a lot of drugs or chemicals or dye-stuffs—in a word poisons. All are incompatible with vital matter; all produce disease when brought in contact in any manner with the living; all are poisons.”

R.T. Trail, M.D. Author of The True Healing Art and other books. Quote from a lecture to members of Congress and the medical profession, Smithsonian Institute, Washington D.C.

“Every drug increases and complicates the patients condition.”

Robert Henderson, M.D.

“The greatest part of all chronic disease is created by the suppression of acute disease by drug poisoning.”

Henry Lindlahr, M.D. Author of Diagnostic Methods, Nature Cure: Philosophy and Practice, Natural Therapeutics, and other books.

“Medicine is only palliative, for back of disease lies the cause, and this cause no drug can reach.”

Wier Mitchel, M.D.

“Medical practice has neither philosophy nor common sense to recommend it. In sickness the body is already loaded with impurities. By taking drug – medicines more impurities are added, thereby the case is further embarrassed and harder to cure.”

Elmer Lee, M.D. Past Vice President, Academy of Medicine.

“Our figures show approximately four and one half million hospital admissions annually due to the adverse reactions to drugs. Further, the average hospital patient has as much as thirty percent chance, depending how long he is in, of doubling his stay due to adverse drug reactions.”

Milton Silverman, M.D. Professor of Pharmacology, University of California. Author, The Drugging of America, Prescription for Death, and other books.

“What hope is there for medical science to ever become a true science when the entire structure of medical knowledge is built around the idea that there is an entity called disease which can be expelled when the right drug is found?”

John H. Tilden, M.D. Author of Impaired Health, Etiology, Hygiemic, and Dietetic Treatment of Appendicitis, and other books and articles.

“We are prone to thinking of drug abuse in terms of the male population and illicit drugs such as heroin, cocaine, and marijuana. It may surprise you to learn that a greater problem exists with millions of women dependent on legal prescription drugs.”

Robert Mendelsohn, M.D. Chairman, Illinois State Medical Licensing Board, Author of Confessions of a Medical Heretic, How to Raise a Healthy Child in Spite of Your Doctor, and other books.

“Why would a patient swallow a poison because he is ill, or take that which would make a well man sick.”

L.F. Kebler, M.D. Author of Technical Drug Studies, Medicated Soft Drinks, and other works.

“Drugs never cure disease. They merely hush the voice of nature’s protest, and pull down the danger signals she erects along the pathway of transgression. Any poison taken into the system has to be reckoned with later on even though it palliates present symptoms. Pain may disappear, but the patient is left in a worse condition, though unconscious of it at the time.”

Daniel. H. Kress, M.D. Author of The Cost to Society of Cigarettes: A Century of Analysis, Ulcers and Smoking, and other books.

“There are over 10 million adverse reactions yearly from FDA-approved over-the-counter and prescription drugs. We are not talking about mild nausea or headaches. Between 60,000 and 140,000 people die each year from adverse drug reactions. Each year, more Americans die after taking prescription drugs than died in the entire Vietnam war. Over half the drugs approved by the FDA since 1976 were later found to be much more toxic than previously thought. Several had to be removed from the market.”

Julian Whitaker, M.D. Author of Reversing Heart Disease, Guide to Natural Healing, The Heart Surgery Trap, and other books.

“There are significant efforts by insurance companies to exclude preventive health care and education and the use of natural, inexpensive remedies, while ignoring the benefits of nutrition. At the same time they pay huge medical claims to hospitals for surgery and pharmaceutical products. There is an unwritten agreement between hospitals and insurance providers to reimburse the hospitals for services performed in hospitals – to scratch each other’s back – so to speak. There is a hidden agenda in this. If insurance providers pay hospitals for patients’ medical claims, then at the end of the year the insurance companies can go to the state insurance commissions with their track records and request a premium increase. A premium increase translates into more profit for the insurance carriers as well as the hospitals.”

Terry S. Friedmann, M.D. Author of Freedom Through Health and other publications. Co-founder and Board Member, American Holistic Medical Association.

“The necessity of teaching mankind not to take drugs and medicines, is a duty incumbent upon all who know their uncertainty and injurious effects; and the time is not far distant when the drug system will be abandoned.”

Charles Armbruster, M.D.

So there you have it, why oils heal and drugs don’t. Let’s hope Dr. Armbruster is right, that “the time is not far distant when the drug system will be abandoned.” Pharmaceutical companies and their physician drug dealers could market and sell natural products with genuine healing capabilities, but most won’t. There isn’t any money in it.

Emergency Medicine is the Best of Medicine

In Dr. Robert Mendelsohn’s book, Confessions of a Medical Heretic, he describes medicine as a practice of religion rather than a practice of science. Doctors practice what they believe, not what they can substantiate by valid science. According to Mendelsohn, in the religion of medicine, physicians are the high priests and their ecclesiastical robes are their white coats. Hospitals are the temples where many holy waters are dispensed in the form of drugs, antibiotics, and vaccines. People tithe to the church of medicine by dutifully paying their insurance premiums. The word “prescription” is very close to the term “prescriptural,” thus implying a scriptural basis for their use. The Holy Bible containing the scriptures of medicine is the Pharmaceutical PDR. For millions of people, their faith and confidence in the religion of medicine is far greater than their belief in the institutions of worship they may attend. In a crisis, they would sooner call 911 than call upon God in prayer.

Dr. Mendelsohn was a practicing pediatrician at the Michael Reese Medical Center in Chicago, a professor at the University of Illinois School of Medicine, Chairman of the Illinois State Licensing Board, and appeared on national television many times. He is author of another book entitled, How to Raise a Healthy Child in Spite of Your Doctor, where he states, “When it comes to treating a sick child, one grandmother is worth two pediatricians.” He also often said, “If you always assume your doctor is wrong, most of the time you will be right.” In Dr. Mendelsohn’s opinion, “The best of medicine is emergency medicine.” I agree. When it comes to chronic disease, they have little or nothing to offer – no cures, only treatments and disease management.

I don’t want to imply that there is no use for medical care as we have it today. If I were in a serious accident with a massive head injury, damage to my internal organs, or a broken limb, I would want to go to the nearest emergency room as fast as possible with the best physicians and nurses on staff. Allopathic medicine is wonderful in a crisis and saves many lives. Emergency medicine is what they do best. In a traumatic situation where you could die unless immediate action is taken, allopathy with all of its drugs, surgeries, equipment, and other paraphernalia can be just what you need to get through the crisis.

But as for healing, allopathic medicine doesn’t offer much. After you have been rescued by allopathic measures from imminent death in an emergency situation, the healing is still up to you by seeking other modalities. And when it comes to chronic illness like cancer, arthritis, diabetes, or cardiovascular disease, allopathy has no cures and usually makes matters worse.

One reason medical practitioners do best in a crisis is because that is the emphasis in their training. In fact, in America, 85% of medical expenditures are for crisis applications – responding to accidents, acute life-threatening conditions, or patching up the body when seriously advanced disease has occurred and death may be imminent. Meanwhile, less than 6% of health care expenditures are for prevention and wellness education.

True healing can only take place with the participation of the patient on all levels – mental, spiritual, emotional, and physical. The idea of “leaving it to the doctor” leads to unending sickness and poor health. Health care and health maintenance is something you do for yourself, with the help of God. Not something for which you pay your money and continue to do as you please without altering your lifestyle.

Health care is your responsibility – not the government’s, not the insurance company’s, not the health care system’s, and not the doctor’s.

Can the Present Health Care System Change?

In my opinion, changing the medical system toward natural and spiritual forms of healing that encourage more individual responsibility is impossible. The system can’t change. It won’t change. It must be replaced. There was a time for horses and buggies, but when automobiles came along people gave up their former ways of transportation. There is also a time to repair your car and keep it, and a time to discard it for a new one. The medical profession is a sophisticated machine, but it rests on a fallacious foundation. Its philosophical basis is like a Model-T Ford stuck in the mud that can’t move and won’t change.

There is a time to repair the old car and a time to replace it. The current medical system is an old car, beyond repair, parked on a false foundation. It survives, not because it serves the good of humanity, but because it has become politically entrenched in our society. The time has come to remove its legal franchise and replace it by allowing alternative modalities to flourish free of the shackles placed upon them by allopathy’s monopolistic intent.

Terry Friedmann, MD, in his book, Freedom Through Health, envisions a new holistic system to replace the current one that emphasizes personal responsibility and fosters cooperative relationships among many modalities with allopathy playing only a minor role. Dr. Friedmann’s new health care model would include nutrition, exercise, stress management, and aromatherapy, to address the whole person – mentally, physically, emotionally, and spiritually. In their books, Robert Mendelsohn, MD, and Richard Gerber, MD, also foresee a new holistic medical paradigm – one not dependent on allopathic drugs and procedures as its primary focus.

The time has come to move on to paradigms and modalities based on different premises than those that underlie modern allopathy. Those of you who have opted out of the system in favor of essential oils and their physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual benefits are among the pioneers who are replacing the system.

As for those of you who have taken over-the-counter or prescription drugs over long periods of time, essential oils are your best friend because they can cleanse the residues of these toxins from your system once and for all and help restore your body back to its natural healthy state.

Excerpted from the book: The Chemistry of Essential Oils Made Simple: God’s Love Manifest in Molecules – Chapter 11

Copyright Care Publications – All rights reserved.

About the Author

Dr. David Stewart studied theology, philosophy, and English at Central Methodist College in Fayette, Missouri (1955-58) and studied chemistry, biology and social sciences at Central Missouri State University in Warrensburg (1962-63). He also studied commercial photography at Los Angeles Trade Technical College (1959-60). He completed a BS degree in Mathematics and Physics at Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy in 1965 and was salutatorian of his graduating class. His MS and PhD degrees are in geophysics (theoretical seismology) and were earned from the University of Missouri at Rolla in 1969 and 1971 respectively. He spent a semester in medical school at the University of North Carolina (1973) and has been a Certified Childbirth Educator (CCE) with the American Academy of Husband-Coached Childbirth (AAHCC) since 1975.

Dr. Stewart is also a Registered Aromatherapist (RA) with the nationally recognized Aromatherapy Registration Council (ARC), which is endorsed by the National Association of Holistic Aromatherapists (NAHA), of which he is a member.

He has held positions as a hydraulic engineer and hydrologist with the U.S. Geological Survey in Southern California (1965-67). He was a professor on the faculty of the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, (1971-1978) and also held a professorship at Southeast Missouri State University (1988-1993). He was also a part-time United Methodist Pastor (1993-94, 1997-99) in rural Missouri. He has been the Executive Director of the InterNational Association of Parents and Professionals for Safe Alternatives in Childbirth (NAPSAC International) since its founding in 1975.

For most of his professional career, Dr. Stewart has been self-employed as an author and lecturer, mainly in the area of alternative health care. He has also served on advisory committees to the American Public Health Association (APHA) and the American College of Nurse-Midwives (ACNM). He has testified as an expert on health matters before state legislative committees, U.S. congressional committees, medical licensing boards and courts of law throughout the U.S. as well as in Canada.

He has authored or coauthored over 200 published works including more than a dozen books (including Healing Oils of the Bible). Two of his books won the “Books of the Year” Award from the American Journal of Nursing. One of his flyers on breastfeeding (published by La Leche League International, LLLI) sold over two million copies in ten languages.

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24976,"Mississippi Parents for Vaccine Rights

HERE IS WHAT’S GOING ON & HOW YOU CAN HELP:

MPVR bill to amend Mississippi’s 41 year old rigid vaccine law will be dropped in the house and senate this coming week. The bill we are intoducing will allow parents in Mississippi the option of a philosophical vaccine exemption.

To be clear, we are not anti-vaccine; we are pro-parental rights and believe parents, not the government, should decide if, when and how a child should be vaccinated without being denied daycare or a public or private education.

48 other states have the right to choose, and we are fighting for that right for Mississippians as well. Current MS law was written in 1972 when children received 4-10 inoculations. Today, if children follow the CDCs recommended vaccine schedule they will receive 49 doses of 15 vaccines by age 6, beginning with the risky (according to the package insert) HepB shot on the first day of life.

In 2011 MS granted only 16 kindergarteners a medical exemption. Our 5 neighboring states averaged 149 medical exemptions to kindergarten students that same year. There are families suffering in our state because of bureaucrats at the DOH in jackson denying real medical exemptions. It is already nearly impossible to find a Dr. in MS to write one because they are mostly denied.

Those same 5 neighboring states have religious and/or philosophical exemptions for which less than half of one percent of kindergarteners in 2011 were filed. The idea that passing such an exemption in MS would lead to low vaccine compliance is simply false. Add that to the fact that MS is not an island and the entire adult population is walking around unvaccinated and there goes the argument against our desire for a philosophical exemption.

There are Mississippi families hurting as a result of our rigid vaccine law. Today’s vaccine schedule is so many so soon and I fear the continuing addition of more and more mandates.

Representative Sam Mims of McComb is the chairman of the house health committee and we have yet to gain his support. Rep. Mims has been receiving steady calls from all over the state since this summer. He has received many, many calls from his constituents along the way as well asking for his support. He is in the position to either bring our bill up in his committee for a vote or ‘kill’ it before even being heard, which would be a great injustice considering the support the bill has in the state and the calls, postcards and emails he has received from constituents asking him to represent them.

The same is true of Senator Terry Burton of Newton, the chairman of the senate health sub-committee that Senator Dean Kirby of Pearl (who has voiced support) will be sending our bill to.

**If you believe parents, not the government, should have the fundamental human right to determine which medical procedures are preformed on their child, you need to voice that to these two men:

Representative Sam Mims:

Home- 601.684.0281

Office- 601.359.3320

smims@house.ms.gov

Senator Terry Burton:

Home- 601-683-7050

Work- 601-683-6695

Office- 601-359-3234

tburton@senate.ms.gov

Representative Becky Currie, a registered nurse from Brookhaven, is the only medical professional on the house health committee. Rep. Currie’s support could be very influential.

Represenative Becky Currie:

Home- 601.833.5953

Office- 601.359.5334

bcurrie@house.ms.gov

These legislators are public servants who were elected by the people to represent the people. They are all very easy to talk to!

You better believe big pharma is in their ear, as pharmaceutical companies spend more money on lobbying than even oil companies do!

Make the calls or send emails…you will feel SO GOOD about being proactive to protect MS children from perhaps the most rigid vaccine law in the country.

Mississippi Parents for Vaccine Rights Facebook Page

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22067,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

On Monday September 26th, we reported that Texas Judge Hart made a stunning Pro-Family order at the close of the Adversary hearing for the Rembis family on September 20th, allowing Claire Rembis to homeschool her 10 children, even while they are in temporary state custody in Lubbock, Texas.

See:

Texas CPS Defies Judge’s Order

On Monday September 26th, the Rembis’ met with CPS, who informed them they must start attending “Life Skills” classes beginning Saturday October 1st, and then allegedly made this shocking statement:

“It’s not possible to homeschool while in foster care.”

Claire adds that the new caseworker Jennifer Garlett claimed that the Rembis’ didn’t have any curriculum, as alleged by former caseworker Kris Stecklein. Claire says she corrected Garlett, explaining,

Stecklein lied. We have enough curriculum to school from pre-K through college, plus there are so many online curriculums and resources available. Curriculum is not an issue. One of the things we had to provide during our last CPS case was detailed homeschooling records, and all of that information should be in your case file.

Garlett allegedly informed the Rembis’ that they are drafting an “Alternative” plan to homeschooling, that will be emailed to them. As of Wednesday September 28th, the Rembis’ were informed that the “plan has not been drafted yet.”

Meanwhile, the children remain in public school, directly defying Judge Hart’s order from September 20th.

Claire cried:

This is terrible. Just so mean. CPS will not abide by the court orders. We learned yesterday that they are not going to allow us to continue homeschooling. They have pretty much laughed in judge Harts’ face.

Public Schools Continue to Punish Rembis Boys for Having Long Hair

Claire learned on Monday September 26th during their 1-hour visitation with their children that the boys are not only remaining in public school, but they are still being punished with “In School Suspension” (ISS) because their long-hair is not in accordance with the school dress codes.

Our boys are still in school suspension even though the TX & US Constitution protect them from being punished for their culture (Eastern Band Cherokee) AND despite the fact that judge Hart ordered that they continue being homeschooled! In our (home) school, we don’t punish kids for wanting to have long hair!

During a phone call, Claire says she asked Garlett if CPS would be held in Contempt of Court if they defied a court order, to which she says Garlett replied, “we did not violate any court orders.”

Boys Feel Pressured to Cut Hair

Claire reports that the boys are being pressured to cut their hair. From the visitation on Monday September 26th, Claire shares,

Alex has given into the pressure, saying he wanted to go ahead and get his hair cut. He had been growing it to donate it to cancer patients, and decided that it was long enough to go ahead and cut it, where last week, he did not want it cut. Sebastian was twirling his hair between his fingers, saying, ‘maybe it’s ok if they cut it. I kinda just don’t want to be in suspension anymore.’ Andrew remains adamant that he does not want his hair cut.

When the boys told their mom during the recent visit that they have continued to be punished with ISS, she became angry with CPS, telling her children,

You shouldn’t be in suspension anyway! You shouldn’t even still be in public school! The judge ruled that you are to be homeschooled!

Family Warned Not to Discuss Case with Children

Claire says that when she told the children they were not supposed to be in public school anymore, the workers started waving their hands frantically, chastising her,

Ms. Rembis, we talked about this. You are not allowed to talk about what’s said in court with your kids!

Claire further reveals,

At every visit, we have asked CPS to provide us with some paperwork that clarifies in writing what specific laws or CPS rules say that we cannot discuss our case with our children. To this day, they have not given us anything in writing. But, they threaten to stop visits if we talk to the children about the case.

Andrew Being Bullied on School Bus, Not Allowed to Sit with Brother

Claire tearfully shared hearing about how her son Andrew is being bullied every day on the school bus,

Andrew explained that another boy on the bus bullies him and yells at him, screaming ‘you’re ugly!’ He says he has reported it to adults, but no one has done anything, but just say that ‘(He) has anger problems.’

According to Claire, the boys say that the seating on the bus is arranged, and they cannot sit next to each other, but they witness Andrew being bullied daily.

Claire said that at the visitation on Monday September 26th, Andrew was curled up in a ball, crying.

Andrew Forced to Live Alone in Group Home, Away from Siblings

In addition, Claire explains that Andrew is living alone at the Group Home in the “Mason Cottage,” a place the other children say “is for bad children and where the workers are mean.”

At visits, Claire says Andrew wants to tell her things but is afraid,

Andrew looks towards the workers, and then says to me, ‘I can’t tell you.’

Claire’s heart is breaking for Andrew. She says,

This is so unfair for Andrew. He is such a big-hearted, kind, compassionate child. This is so horrible that this is happening to him.

Children Receive Invasive Dental Work Without Parental Permission

Our parental rights were not terminated, and yet CPS did invasive dental work this week on our children, without our permission. They said it was emergency dental work.

When their 4-year old showed up at the visit on Monday September 26th, Claire was horrified to see that CPS had done invasive dental work on her, placing caps on her front teeth and filling cavities with toxic amalgam fillings, something the Rembis’ are strongly against, preferring enamel tooth-colored fillings.

Claire cried,

My precious baby looked like a pirate!

Emergency Dental Visits an Excuse to Fish for More Allegations?

On the morning of September 28th, more children were taken to the dentist, and the Rembis’ were notified so that they could attend the appointment.

William reported:

The CPS social worker was asking the dentist ‘leading questions,’ in an attempt to get the dentist to say that we were medically negligent, and that the children had cavities due to malnutrition.

Claire contends that their last dentist told them that the cavities did not need to be filled since they were in baby teeth, and he just put a sealant on them.

The Rembis’ exclaim,

We are still being ‘investigated.’ They are using these ’emergency dental visits’ to try and find something to use against us in court next week!

At the morning dental visit on September 28th, Garlett informed William that 3 more children had dental visits later that afternoon. Because Claire and William were busy moving out of their home that afternoon, and William had to be at work at 4:00pm, they explained that they needed more notice of doctor’s appointments so that they could plan to be there.

When the Rembis ’asked her to reschedule the appointments, she allegedly refused, saying that she can’t reschedule, because they “had to get them done right away.”

The Rembis say they asked Garlett why she hadn’t told them sooner about these additional dental appointments and asked to know when she found out about them. Garlett allegedly replied, “I can’t answer that.”

Rembis’ Refuse Toxic Fluoride

Just this morning on September 29th, Andrew had a dental appointment, and the Rembis’ were able to attend. Excitedly, Claire shared,

Andrew had absolutely no cavities! Now CPS can’t claim that we malnourished our children, causing them to have cavities! We were also able to prevent them from using the toxic fluoride treatment on Andrew’s teeth. Unfortunately, the other children probably got this treatment. The dental assistant tried to argue with us to ‘do our research’ about fluoride, and we explained that we did do our research, and that our dentists in Michigan told us about how fluoride does not prevent cavities, but is actually an irritant and cause can cause more cavities. We stopped using fluoride toothpaste too.

Family Needs Immediate Housing

The Rembis’ are looking for a new home to rent, as they had to move out of their old home on September 28th:

We need a home ASAP as we cannot stay in this neighborhood, around these neighbors. We have some awesome neighbors here but the bad ones have caused terrible damage.

Claire continues to stand on the Word of God as found in Philippians 4:19:

But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.

You can help support the Rembis’ today by donating here.

Pleas to Local Media to Tell the Whole Truth

Claire pleads to the local media:

The caller that called CPS to begin with, ended up changing her story several times under oath & was discovered to be a meth manufacturer who sells it, is a felon with a 12-yr long criminal record that may have been on drugs when she made that CPS report that started this nightmare. And none of that gets published. We have next-door neighbors who have told us that they have never heard the children screaming or seen them digging in dumpsters eating food, yet the local media only interviews the ones who are lying about us. We asked local media to interview our other neighbors, but they wouldn’t. We need to expose CPS. They lie, defy court orders, leak confidential information illegally, smoke around our kids, abuse our kids, punish them for their nationality – I could go on & on! Help us tell the public everything! Help our kids! Please help!

Support the Rembis Family at Court on October 5th

The Rembis’ Status Update Hearing will be held Wednesday, October 5th at 10am at the Lubbock County Courthouse, 904 Broadway, Suite 124.

Claire said that several local families have reached out privately to offer support, but are too afraid to come forth publicly, fearing retaliation from CPS.

Claire is asking local supporters to come out to the court house on October 5th, holding signs and sharing their CPS stories with the local media who will be following the Rembis’ story:

This is going to continue to happen if people keep hiding. We need a crowd to show up at court and bring signs. The local media has promised to follow-up, and this would be a great time to show that this is not something that is just happening to our family. We have the media’s attention, but we need people to come out and help us expose CPS.

Contact Honorable Kevin Hart and let him know that CPS is not honoring his recent rulings. Contact Dawn Garry, the Court Coordinator 806-775-1707.

Health Impact News has set up a new page to financially help the Rembis family obtain housing, furniture, and an attorney. Go to this link to make a donation:

The family has a Facebook page set up here:

Please visit the Rembis Family Facebook page for updates on how you can help.

To follow the Rembis story, you can read all our previous articles below:

ORIGINAL STORY 8/4/2015:

UPDATE 9/11/2015

UPDATE 8/22/2016

UPDATE 8/29/2016

UPDATE 9/9/2016

UPDATE 9/26/2016

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com.

Support the cause of Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24739,"by Dr. Mercola

A little over 100 years ago a German scientist wrote a letter to a company that made soap, and in so doing changed the way the world cooks its food. The soap company, Procter & Gamble, bought the scientist’s idea—and Crisco was born.

At this time in history, people used animal fats for […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24301,"by Dr. John Briffa

I was reading here that there’s a new cholesterol-lowering drug in the pipeline. The Food and Drugs Administration in the US has approved the injectable agent mipomersen for the treatment of ‘homozygous familial hypercholesterolaemia – a genetic cause of raised cholesterol levels associated with cardiovascular disease developing early in life. Mipomersen has been shown to reduce low density lipoprotein (LDL) levels by about a quarter. The hope is that this will help reduce the risk of individuals suffering premature death from, most likely, heart attack.

I’ve used the word ‘hope’ in the preceding sentence but, in reality, the FDA panel that has ratified mipomersen has no idea whether it has health benefits or not. That’s because the studies used to assess this drug were not large enough in scope to detect change in ‘clinical endpoints’ such as risk of heart attack or death. In other words, the licensing of this drug has been on the basis of its impact on ‘surrogate endpoints’ (in this case, cholesterol levels), rather than clinical endpoints (the thing that really matters).

Read the full article and comment here: http://www.drbriffa.com/2012/11/02/another-new-cholesterol-lowering-drug-is-licensed-despite-no-evidence-of-benefits-for-health/

Fat and Cholesterol are Good for You!

What REALLY Causes Heart Disease

by Uffe Ravnskov, MD, PhD

Free Shipping Available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32480,"New York University research scholar and law professor Mary Holland recently addressed the United Nations at the 25th International Health and Environment Conference. Professor Holland has been one of the lone voices in the U.S. addressing the legal ramifications of removing parental rights to informed consent for childhood vaccines. Professor Holland sees major civil rights issues involved in government vaccine policies that remove informed consent rights to refuse mandatory vaccinations. She reminds the United Nations that history has shown us the results of such overt government intrusion into personal medical rights. World-wide human rights legislation has been put into place to protect individuals from government intrusion into medical abuse, starting with the Nuremberg Code just after the atrocities of Nazi Germany after World War II. Professor Holland states: ""[T]he UN and the international community have obligations to respect human rights related to vaccination. Since World War II, the international community has recognized the grave dangers in involuntary scientific and medical experimentation on human subjects. In the aftermath of Nazi medical atrocities, the world affirmed the Nuremberg Code which stated that the 'voluntary consent of the human subject is absolutely essential.' The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights further enshrined this prohibition against involuntary experimentation in its 1966 text, stating 'no one shall be subjected without his free consent to medical or scientific experimentation.' Such a prohibition is now so universally recognized that some courts and scholars have pronounced the right to informed consent in experiments as a matter of customary international law.""",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24896,"by Lorie Johnson

CBN News

Keeping up with which foods to eat and which ones to avoid could be a full-time job. That’s because scientists continue to learn more about what we put in our bodies.

Some of their latest findings could change your mind about fat.

Twenty years ago, doctors told us to stay away from high-fat foods like eggs, bacon, and butter because they raised cholesterol and could lead to heart disease.

America responded and stopped eating fat. In its place, however, we ate more sugar and other carbohydrates.

How did that work out? Not great. As a whole, Americans grew fatter and sicker than before. Scientists back then may have reached the wrong conclusion.

Now a growing number of medical experts say weight gain, heart disease, and other illnesses are not caused by high cholesterol, but by something different: inflammation.

That means instead of avoiding foods that raise our cholesterol, we need to avoid foods that cause inflammation.

Read the full article here: http://www.cbn.com/cbnnews/healthscience/2013/February/Forget-Cholesterol-Inflammations-the-Real-Enemy

Fat and Cholesterol are Good for You!

What REALLY Causes Heart Disease

by Uffe Ravnskov, MD, PhD

Free Shipping Available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24493,"By Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

Fluoride is found everywhere today, from antibiotics to drinking water, no stick pans to toothpaste, making exposure inevitable. All the more reason why new research proving this common spice can prevent fluoride damage is so promising!

Fluoride’s neurotoxicity has been the subject of academic debate for decades, and now a matter of increasingly impassioned controversy among the general public, as well. From ‘conspiracy theories’ about it being first used in drinking water in Russian and Nazi concentration camps to chemically lobotomize captives, to its now well-known IQ lowering properties, to its ability to enhance the calcification of the pineal gland – the traditional ‘seat of the soul’ – many around the world, and increasingly in the heavily fluoridated regions of the United States, are starting to organize at the local and statewide level to oust this ubiquitous toxicant from municipal drinking water.

Now, a new study published in the Pharmacognosy Magazine titled, “Curcumin attenuates neurotoxicity induced by fluoride: An in vivo evidence,” adds experimental support to the suspicion that fluoride is indeed a brain-damaging substance, also revealing that a natural spice-derived protective agent against the various health effects associated with this compound is available.

The study was authored by researchers from the Department of Zoology, University College of Science, M.L. Sukhadia University, Udaipur, India, who have spent the past decade investigating the mechanisms through which fluoride induces severe neurodegenerative changes in the mammalian brain, particularly in cells of the hippocampus and cerebral cortex.[i] [ii]

The study opens by describing the historical backdrop for concern about fluoride’s significant and wide ranging toxicity:

“Fluoride (F) is probably the first inorganic ion which drew attention of the scientific world for its toxic effects and now the F toxicity through drinking water is well-recognized as a global problem. Health effect reports on F exposure also include various cancers, adverse reproductive activities, cardiovascular, and neurological diseases.[1,2]”

The study focused on fluoride induced neurotoxicity, identifying excitoxicity (stimulation of the neuron to the point of death) and oxidative stress as the two main drivers of neurodegeneration. It has been observed that subjects with the condition known as fluorosis, a mottling of tooth enamel caused by excessive exposure to fluoride during tooth development, also have neurodegenerative changes associated with a form of oxidative stress known as lipid peroxidation (rancidity). Excess lipid peroxidation in the brain can lead to a decrease in total brain phospholipid content. Owing to these well-known mechanisms of fluoride associated neurotoxicity and neurodegeneration, the researchers identified the primary polyphenol in the spice turmeric — known as curcumin – as an ideal agent worth testing as a neuroprotective substance. Previous research on curcumin indicates that it is capable of activing as an antioxidant in 3 distinct ways by protecting against: 1) singlet oxygen 2) hyrodxyl radicals and 3) superoxide radical damage. Also, curcumin appears to raise endogenous glutathione production in the brain, a major antioxidant defense system.

In order to assess the neurotoxic effects of fluoride and prove curcumin’s protective role against it, researchers randomly divided up mice into four groups, for 30 days:

Control (no fluoride) Fluoride (120 ppm): fluoride was given in distilled water drinking water without restriction. Fluoride (120 ppm/30 mg/kg body weight) + Curcumin: Oral dose of curcumin dissolved in olive oil along with fluoride in drinking water Curcumin: (30 mg/kg body weight)

In order to ascertain the effect of treatment, the researchers measured the malondialdehyde (MDA) content in the brains of the different treated mice. MDA is a well-known marker of oxidative stress/damage.

As was expected, the fluoride (F) only treatment group showed significantly elevated MDA levels vs. the non-fluoride treated control. The F + Curcumin group saw reduced MDA levels vs. the fluoride only group, demonstrating curcumin’s neuroprotective activity against fluoride associated neurotoxicity.

The study concluded,

“Our study thus demonstrate that daily single dose of 120 ppm F result in highly significant increases in the LPO [lipid peroxidation, i.e. brain rancidity] as well as neurodegenerative changes in neuron cell bodies of selected hippocampal regions. Supplementation with curcumin significantly reduce the toxic effect of F to near normal level by augmenting the antioxidant defense through its scavenging property and provide an evidence of having therapeutic role against oxidative stress mediated neurodegeneration.”

Discussion

This is far from the first study to demonstrate curcumin’s remarkable brain-saving properties. From the perspective of the primary research alone, there are over two hundred peer-reviewed published studies indicating that curcumin is a neuroprotective agent. On our own turmeric database we have 115 articles proving this statement: Turmeric Protects The Brain. We have also featured studies on turmeric’s ability to protect and restore the brain:

Considering the many chemical insults we face on a daily basis in the post-industrial world, turmeric may very well be the world’s most important herb, with over 600 evidence-based health applications.

For more information, please review the following content:

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/spice-prevents-fluoride-destroying-your-brain

References

[i] Bhatnagar M, Rao P, Saxena A, Bhatnagar R, Meena P, Barbar S. Biochemical changes in brain and other tissues of young adult female mice from fluoride in their drinking water. Fluoride. 2006;39:280–4. [Ref list]

[ii] Bhatnagar M, Sukhwal P, Suhalka P, Jain A, Joshi C, Sharma D. Effects of fluoride in drinking water on NADPH-diaphorase neurons in the forebrain of mice: A possible mechanism of fluoride neurotoxicity. Fluoride. 2011;44:195–9. [Ref list]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33332,"by Casey Luskin

Evolution News and Views

We recently posted a rebuttal to Richard Dawkins’ overstatement of the molecuar evidence for common descent. The article cited a number of cases where those who use molecular data to build phylogenetic trees have encountered conflicting trees depending on which gene is being used to construct the tree. Another striking example of this common phenomenon was also discussed last month at GeneticArchaeology.com in an article titled “Discovery of jumping gene cluster tangles tree of life.”

According to the article:

Since the days of Darwin, the “tree of life” has been the preeminent metaphor for the process of evolution, reflecting the gradual branching and changing of individual species.The discovery that a large cluster of genes appears to have jumped directly from one species of fungus to another, however, significantly strengthens the argument that a different metaphor, such as a mosaic, may be more appropriate.

Hundreds of years ago, when astronomers still held to a geocentric model of the solar system, they would often encounter data that ran directly counter to that model. Sometimes planets would appear to temporarily move backwards in what they called “retrograde motion.” These early scientists explained away the bad data by inventing the “epicycle.” Epicycles didn’t actually explain anything; they were adopted for the purpose of saving the bad geocentric model of the solar system from falsification. Eventually, scientists accepted that planets weren’t moving backwards and realized that the geocentric model of the solar system was simply wrong. Planets orbited the sun, not the earth.

Proponents of neo-Darwinian evolution have their modern day epicycles to attempt to explain why data often runs counter to the tree of life hypothesis. They have a mechanism to explain away the fact that a large cluster of similar genes appears in two groups where the common ancestor isn’t thought to have had those genes. Their epicycle is called horizontal gene transfer (HGT), also known as lateral gene transfer (LGT). The article explains how the investigators invoke this common epicycle:

Rokas and Slot discovered that millions of years ago, a cluster of 23 genes jumped from one strain of mold commonly found on starchy foods like bread and potatoes, Aspergillus, to another strain of mold that lives in herbivore dung and specializes in breaking down plant fibers, Podospora.The findings came as a major surprise, as there are only a handful of cases in recent evolutionary history where this type of gene transfer between organisms, known as horizontal gene transfer, has been reported in complex cells like those found in plants, animals and fungi.

Of course the problem is that in evolutionary biology, genomic data that doesn’t fit with the standard tree is taken as evidence FOR horizontal gene transfer. As one article states: “topological discordance between a gene tree and a trusted reference tree is taken as a prima facie instance of LGT [lateral gene transfer].” (Mark A. Ragan and Robert G. Beiko, “Lateral genetic transfer: open issues,” Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B, Vol. 364:2241-2251 (2009).) There appears to be no data that can falsify the tree of life: if the data doesn’t fit with the tree, they just chock it up to the epicycle of horizontal gene transfer.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.evolutionnews.org/2011/03/inconvenient_fungus_genetic_da045301.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33072,"by Brian and Marianita Shilhavy

Coconut Oil Hair Treatment

In India, a whole coconut oil industry has survived in recent years among the anti-saturated fat/coconut oil propaganda almost entirely for one application: the conditioning of hair. This is the number one reason why people in India buy coconut oil today, to condition and nurture their hair.

Studies in India have been done on how effective various oils are on treating damaged hair. One study compared mineral oil, sunflower oil, and coconut oil because these were the three most commonly used oils in hair treatment products used in India. The aim of this study was to cover different treatments, and the effect of these treatments on various hair types using these three oils, and the number of experiments to be conducted was a very high number and a technique termed as the “Taguchi Design of Experimentation” was used. Their results:

The findings clearly indicate the strong impact that coconut oil application has to hair as compared to application of both sunflower and mineral oils. Among three oils, coconut oil was the only oil found to reduce the protein loss remarkably for both undamaged and damaged hair when used as a pre-wash and post-wash grooming product. Both sunflower and mineral oils do not help at all in reducing the protein loss from hair. This difference in results could arise from the composition of each of these oils. Coconut oil, being a triglyceride of lauric acid (principal fatty acid), has a high affinity for hair proteins and, because of its low molecular weight and straight linear chain, is able to penetrate inside the hair shaft. Mineral oil, being a hydrocarbon, has no affinity for proteins and therefore is not able to penetrate and yield better results. In the case of sunflower oil, although it is a triglyceride of linoleic acid, because of its bulky structure due to the presence of double bonds, it does not penetrate the fiber, consequently resulting in no favorable impact on protein loss.1

Over the years we have also received many testimonials regarding coconut oil and natural hair care:

In the short time I have internally consumed and topically applied the Virgin Coconut Oil, I as well as others, have noticed a significant difference in my skin tone, as well as how shinny my hair has become. Recently my husband asked me what I had done differently to my hair because it was so shinny! The skin on my entire body has become softer and more subtle. I know this is a result of the Virgin Coconut Oil because I haven’t been using any body lotion. I couldn’t be more thrilled! C. Morgan – South Bend, IN

First I purchased coconut oil for cooking, and now I’ve purchased it for my body and my hair. After just one deep conditioning treatment with coconut oil, my hair is softer (by far!) and shiny. This is a miracle product! Barbara – La Mesa, CA

In recent years, coconut oil has been popularly used for natural hair treatment with African hair types. Audrey Sivasothy [1], a writer on the Yahoo associatedcontent network, has done research on “Black Hair Care” and notes that coconut oil is an excellent choice for a pre-treatment before the hair is shampooed, as well as an excellent sealant on dry hair. She writes: “Many black women suffer from hair porosity issues as a result of our styling choices. Coconut oil’s ability to prevent protein loss and reduce hair porosity makes it a valuable oil for those who chemically relax, regularly heat straighten, or permanently color their hair.” Those in the “natural hair” movement have repeatedly testified to the benefits of switching from harsh chemical treatments to pure coconut oil. Their testimonials in public places like Twitter are very numerous. Sivasothy comments:

Coconut oil is a very unique hair oil. This versatile, low molecular weight oil is able to leverage its traditional oil status to seal the hair, but complements this sealing capacity with a strong affinity for hair proteins not found in other hair oils. Coconut oil benefits black hair in two important ways. First, coconut oil’s hydrophobic oil characteristics allow it to inhibit the penetration of water from the surrounding air and environment. Second, coconut oil is able to bind to the natural protein structure of the hair. This helps the hair retain its natural moisture content and reinforces the hair fiber, making it stronger.2

One of the most popular hair treatments for Black Hair, referred to as a “natural relaxer,” gained widespread popularity on Youtube in 2008. This treatment utilizes Virgin Coconut Oil, Coconut Cream Concentrate, and plain yogurt. Coconut Cream Concentrate is ground up whole dried coconut in a concentrated form. It is high in fat and the protein from the coconut fiber. Here is the main video that started the popularity of this treatment:

In this video a lady from England shows how to detangle hair with coconut oil as a prewash:

Coconut Oil for Dry Scalp

Many have also reported wonderful results from dry scalp conditions.

I have three children, 4, 2, and 3 months and they ALL get it on their skin. Along with our skin, we use it for our hair and scalp. My youngest son had very dry scalp (cradle cap) and the coconut oil healed it in two days. It was wonderful! AmyFalls Church, VA

My mom had been suffering for the past 4 months with a very red, dry, peeling scalp. It moved to her neck and hands….the pain was so bad she would sometimes cry. She tried using every dandruff/dry scalp shampoo on the market and would put various substances on her scalp nightly in the hopes of hydrating it. She would even leave these items on her head for days at a time. She tried crisco, baby oil, olive oil, jojoba oil, and every dry skin lotion out there but nothing helped…it just got worse. The doctors did not know what it was and were trying to get her to take medicine orally and to experiment with different cremes consisting of steroids. I just happened to be reading up on the coconut oil and suggested that she try it before the using the items that the doctors were tying to give her. After ordering your product, I gave some to her. She messaged the coconut oil into her scalp and left it on overnight. When she woke up the next morning, 95% of the dry skin was gone and almost all of the redness. When my mom told the doctor what had helped, he didn’t believe her as her scalp, hands, and forehead were so bad. It has been over a month now, and you can hardly tell she ever had any skin problems. Praise God! Michelle – Tucson, AZ

I not surprised, but I had to respond because it has been two days since I used the Virgin Coconut oil, and I am completely astounded. I applied it straight on my scalp and the results are unbelievable. I have tried everything from sulfer 8 to prescription medicine such as grisofluvin. I had this problem for almost a year. I even had to cut my locks off my head which was so hard to do. This product is unreal. Its has only been two days and I have no more dandruff. I use to wake up with dandruff. I hope this isn’t some kind of gimmick, because I am so impressed. I went to the doctors on Thursday of this week. He told me to us a shampoo called Ioul T. I went to Rite Aid to see if they had it but they were out. I came home read my Kevin Trudue book and it referred me to your web site. I researched the product and read the testimonies and I am just so happy that my scalp infection is almost gone within two days. I wish I had a before and after shot because I would send you a picture. Thank you so much for this product, and believe me I am going to tell as many people as I can about this amazing product. Paris – Middle River , MD

Head Lice

A study done in 2010 in the UK and reported in the European Journal of Pediatrics tested the effectiveness of a coconut and anise spray against head lice as opposed to permethrin lotion. Permethrin lotion, the most commonly prescribed pediculicide for treating head lice, is reportedly losing its effectiveness in many places around the world in curing head lice. The study found that the coconut and anise spray was “significantly more successful” than the permethin lotion in curing head louse infestation.3

The folk method of getting rid of head lice in Hawaii is to soak the hair thoroughly with vinegar and leaving it to dry. Do not rinse out. Then coat the hair with the coconut oil and sleep with it on. The nits will comb out easily.. Linda – Coconut Diet Forums [2]

I came to this forum accidentally and I am so amazed to learn that our very own coconut oil from the Philippines is doing miracles to people around the world. When I was a child, I observed my mom and grandma how they make the coconut oil and I can say that I have memorized it by heart. One experience that I saw was when my baby sister had wounds all over her head due to lice. The wounds got infected and my mom had no choice but to cut my sister’s hair off. Once again, she warmed the coconut oil and put a little salt in it, and she used a cotton ball to apply the oil over the infected wounds. In the morning, the wounds were dry and itchiness was gone. From then on, coconut oil has become our medicine for wounds. When I was a teen-ager, I used coconut oil for my hair to make it shiny and beautiful, but I stopped using it because it has an obvious smell and my classmates would tease me. During those days, the smell of coconut oil has a symbol status, it means that you belong to the lower class, in other words, I am poor…how sad. J – Coconut Diet Forums [2]

Coconut oil indeed has many benefits for your hair!

References

1. Rele AS, Mohile RB. “Effect of mineral oil, sunflower oil, and coconut oil on prevention of hair damage.” Journal Cosmetology Science 2003 Mar-Apr;54(2):175-92.

2. “The Benefits of Coconut Oil in Black Hair Care – How Coconut Oil Can Bring Out the Best in Your Hair” Audrey Sivasothy, Yahoo! Contributor Network [1]

Feb 2, 2010

3. Burgess IF, Brunton ER, Burgess NA. “Clinical trial showing superiority of a coconut and anise spray over permethrin 0.43% lotion for head louse infestation” European Journal Pediatrics. 2010 Jan;169(1):55-62

About the author: Unlike many people who write about coconut oil by simply reading about it, Brian Shilhavy actually lived in a coconut producing area of the Philippines for several years with his family, observing firsthand the differences between the diet and health of the younger generation and those of his wife’s parents’ generation still consuming a traditional diet. This led to years of studying Philippine nutrition and dietary patterns first hand while living in a rural farming community in the Philippines. Brian is the author of the best-selling book: Virgin Coconut Oil: How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours! [3]

[3]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [3]

Read the Virgin Coconut Oil Book on Your Mobile Device!

[4]

[6]

[7]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32656,"by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

An eye-opening new study published in the Journal of Viral Hepatitis reveals that conventional hepatitis B vaccine- and hepatitis B immunoglobulin-based treatment for infants of mothers who tested positive for hepatitis B infection is nothing near “95% effective in preventing infection and its chronic consequences” that the World Health Organization (WHO) and a myriad of health organizations around the world claim it to be. [i] To the contrary, researchers were able to detect through highly sensitive polymerase chain reaction (PCR) DNA testing that 42% of the infants still had ‘occult’ hepatitis B infection, 24 months after initiating treatment at birth, despite the fact that the vaccine reduced the incidence of overt infection.

In the researchers’ own words: “The results of this large prospective longitudinal study show that 42% of babies born of HBsAg-positive mothers develop occult HBV infection, which is not prevented by administration of recombinant HBV vaccine to the newborn.” [italics added]

This study not only clearly calls into question the standard of care for preventing hepatitis B infection in infants born to infected mothers, but it also challenges core tenets of vaccinology, including hepatitis B vaccine safety and effectiveness.

A closer look at the study

The new study titled, ‘Hepatitis B vaccination with or without hepatitis B immunoglobulin at birth to babies born of HBsAg-positive mothers prevents overt HBV transmission but may not prevent occult HBV infection in babies: a randomized controlled trial‘, tracked pregnant women found to be HBsAg positive (i.e. Hepatitis B surface antigen was found in their blood work) until delivery, and then tracked their babies for 2 years.

The study design and results were as follows:

Immediately after delivery, babies were randomized to receive either HBIG [Hepatitis B immunoglobulin] or placebo in addition to recombinant HBV vaccine (at 0, 6, 10 and 14 weeks). The primary end-point of the study, assessed at 18 weeks of age, was remaining free of any HBV infection (either overt or occult) plus the development of adequate immune response to vaccine. The babies were further followed up for a median of 2 years of age to determine their eventual outcome. Risk factors for HBV transmission and for poor immune response in babies were studied. Of the 283 eligible babies, 259 were included in the trial and randomized to receive either HBIG (n = 128) or placebo (n = 131) in addition to recombinant HBV vaccine. Of the 222 of 259 (86%) babies who completed 18 weeks of follow-up, only 62/222 (28%) reached primary end-point. Of the remaining, 6/222 (3%) developed overt HBV infection, 142/222 (64%) developed occult HBV infection, and 12/222 (5%) had no HBV infection but had poor immune response. All 6 overt infections occurred in the placebo group (P = 0.030), while occult HBV infections were more common in the HBIG group (76/106 [72%] vs. 66/116 [57%]; P = 0.025). This may be due to the immune pressure of HBIG. There was no signiﬁcant difference between the two groups in frequency of babies developing poor immune response or those achieving primary end-point. The ﬁnal outcome of these babies at 24 months of age was as follows: overt HBV infection 4%, occult HBV infection 42%, no HBV infection but poor immune response 8% and no HBV infection with good immune response 28%.

The authors concluded, in a startling reversal of conventional wisdom regarding the treatment’s efficacy:

The current practice of administration of vaccine with HBIG at birth to babies born of HBsAg-positive mothers is not effective in preventing occult HBV infection in babies, which may be up to 40%.

Known as hepatitis B post-exposure prophylaxis, infants of mothers infected with hepatitis B are administered 4 doses of recombinant hepatitis B vaccine (birth, 6 weeks, 10 weeks and 14 weeks), in combination with hepatitis B immunoglobulin (HBIG). All pregnant women are encouraged today to be screened for hepatitis B, and all are made to undergo this treatment because it is believed to be ‘highly effective.’ This despite evidence that the hepatitis B vaccine may actually cause liver damage,[ii] and has been linked to over four dozen adverse health effects.[iii]

The recombinant hepatitis B vaccine is produced by isolating hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) from genetically modifying yeast engineered to express this viral antigen-protein. It was, in fact, the first vaccine produced by DNA recombinant technology, i.e. genetic modification.[iv] The HBIG is isolated from the blood plasma of infected donors with high concentrations of anti-Hepatitis B viral antigen antibodies. [v]

Hepatitis B virus infection is a major health problem worldwide, with the WHO estimating that about one third of the world population has been infected at some point in their lives and that it kills 600,000 people each year. The virus contributes to a variety of liver diseases, including acute, fulminant and chronic hepatitis, liver cirrhosis and liver cancer (hepatocelullar carcinoma). It is believed that mother-to-infant transmission accounts for 50% of the chronic infection cases.[vi]

So, what is occult hepatitis B infection, and what causes it?

The definition of “occult” hepatitis B infection has different meanings to different researchers, but in general it indicates that even when blood tests show a disappearance of HBeAg and HBsAG viral antigens, or antibodies to these antigens, hepatitis B virus remains active (replication capable) within the body. The ‘occult’ form is often referred to as an ‘escaped mutant’ and is a version of hepatitis B other than the one(s) being tested for, whose presence is ascertained DNA testing (PCR), which is far more sensitive than antibody- or antigen- based testing.

The new study offered the following definition: “Occult HBV infection is deﬁned as the existence of HBV DNA in the serum, or cells of the lymphatic (immune) system, and/or hepatic tissue in the absence of serum HBsAg [13,14].”

Strangely, even when there is no hepatitis B virus (HPV) DNA detectable through PCR DNA testing, it may still be there lying dormant. For instance:

“[T]he elimination of HBV genomes is usually not complete after acute hepatitis B (even after mild infections) because some HBV genomes remain as cccDNA [covalently closed circular DNA] in an occult form in the liver; but their expression is largely controlled by the immune system. The levels of HBV production are in most cases so low that even with the most sensitive techniques no HBV DNA is detectable in serum.”[vii]

In other words, hepatitis B virus can integrate into the DNA of cells in a form (cccDNA) which remains dormant and reactivates only rarely when the immune system is severely compromised. This dormant form does not produce hepatitis B DNA (unless reactivated) and therefore is virtually (if not actually) impossible to detect.

Because conventional criteria for assessing the effectiveness of hepatitis B vaccine and/or hepatitis B immunoglobulin treatment are based solely on the presence or absence of viral antigen or antibodies against viral antigens, their actual effectiveness at clearing all pathogenic variants of the hepatitis B virus from the body is largely unknown. This also means that vaccine policy today is based on outdated criteria. This is now poignantly evident by the fact that 42% of these vaccinated infants had signs of occult infection 2 years later.

Why is the hepatitis B virus so difficult to detect?

The hepatitis B virus is a DNA virus with such a high replication and mutation rate, [viii] that it has been described as a ‘quasispecies’ due to its highly varied (heterogeneous) viral population:

“The HBV population is highly heterogeneous and is comprised of genomes that are closely related, but not identical; hence, it is considered a viral quasispecies, a term commonly associated with RNA viruses. The complex viral replication cycle of HBV may be the cause of this quasispecies nature.”

It has been estimated that an infected individual produces mutations of every viral genome base at least two times per day. The so-called mutated version of the hepatitis B virus is known as an ‘escape mutant’:

“Hepatitis B virus (HBV) reverse transcriptase is an error-prone enzyme, and this results in a large number of nucleotide substitutions during replication. As a result, HBV has a “quasispecies” distribution in infected individuals, meaning that HBV circulates as a complex mixture of genetically distinct but closely related variants that are in equilibrium at a given time point of infection in a given replicative environment. The quasispecies distribution of HBV implies that any newly generated mutation conferring a selective advantage to the virus in a given replicative environment will allow the corresponding viral population to overtake the other variants. Such selection processes occur at any step of infection to allow the emergence of variant viruses, such as precore and core promoter mutants during the natural course of infection, HBs antigen mutants under the pressure of active or passive anti-HBs immunization, or HBV mutants that are resistant to the antiviral action of specific HBV inhibitors.”[ix]

Due to its complex nature it is extremely difficult to detect all its variants through conventional serological testing. This is one reason why DNA testing is valuable and more sensitive.

Furthermore:

“The occult HBV infection may be due to infection by HBV variants with mutations in the S gene (escape mutants) producing a modiﬁed HBsAg that is not recognized by some or all commercially available detection assays [14].”

Even the CDC acknowledges in their hepatitis B immunization guidelines that “escape mutants” can replicate even in the presence of treatment-induced anti-HB antibodies:

Mutations in the S gene of HBV can lead to conformational changes in the a determinant of the HBsAg protein, which is the major target for neutralizing anti-HBs. These variants have been detected in humans infected with HBV, and concern has been expressed that these variants might replicate in the presence of vaccine-induced anti-HBs or anti-HBs contained in HBIG (194,195). Although no evidence suggests that S gene immunization escape mutants pose a threat to existing programs using hepatitis B vaccines (196), further studies and enhanced surveillance to detect the emergence of these variants are high priorities for monitoring the effectiveness of current vaccination strategies.[x]

Is the treatment driving the creation of mutant, ‘occult’ forms of hepatitis B?

Despite the CDC’s dismissal of concerns that escape mutants could threaten the effectiveness of existing hepatitis B immunization programs, research published in the Asian Journal of Transfusion Science has raised exactly this concern:

“[Vaccinations] apply selective pressures on HBV in infected individuals leading to the generation and accumulation of mutations in the S gene. Most of these mutations occur in the major hydrophilic region (MHR) of the S gene. These mutations create public health concerns as they can be responsible for reactivation of hepatitis B and occult hepatitis B infection. The inability to detect occult infections means that these individuals may become blood donors.”[xi]

The AJTS study furthermore reveals:

“Mutations within the S gene are known to be responsible for occult hepatitis B infections, reactivation of hepatitis B,[58,59] diagnostic assay failure[58,60–63] and reinfection in HBV-infected recipients of orthotopic liver transplantations.[17,64] Occult infections create public health concerns because asymptomatic carriers can be blood donors.[65–67] These mutations are stable and can be transmitted horizontally and vertically.[56,68–71]”

“Vaccination and the administration of HBIG and anti-viral drugs like lumavidine exert evolutionary pressures to select mutants.[70,80].”

“Research with childhood vaccinations shows that mutations accumulate with higher frequency in vaccinated than unvaccinated children, with more mutations emerging in children vaccinated with plasma-derived vaccine than recombinant vaccine.[80] Vaccinated children generated a preferential accumulation of mutations in the second loop of the MHR, while unvaccinated children generated random mutations.[81]”

This iatrogenic problem is not a new discovery. The first case of a vaccine-induced escape mutant of hepatitis B virus was reported in Lancet a quarter of a century ago in an Italian child:

In southern Italy, 44 contacts of hepatitis B virus carriers, including infants of carrier mothers, became HBsAg positive despite passive and active immunisation according to standard protocols. In 32 of these vaccinees infection was confirmed by the presence of additional markers of viral replication. In 1 infant, serious disease occurred. The virus from this patient is an escape mutant with a different sequence from that of the isolate from the mother.[xii]

Indeed, the actual treatment itself may exert evolutionary/selective pressure on the Hepatitis B virus to mutate:

“The viral sequences in the S gene can be changed after active or passive immunization. HBV surface gene variants emerge or are selected under the immune pressure generated by the host or by HBIG and hepatitis B vaccination. The most frequent mutation causing vaccine escape is the G145R substitution located in the ‘a’ determinant region of HBsAg [15,16]. This was ﬁrst identiﬁed in successfully immunized infants who became HBV carriers, despite the presence of protective levels of antibodies to HBsAg [16]. In HBV DNA–positive children from four sequential surveys in Taiwan, the prevalence of hepatitis B surface gene ‘a’ determinant mutants increased from 7.8% before the launch of the vaccination programme, to 19.6% at 5 years after, 28.1% at 10 years after, and 23.1% at 15 years after the programme [17]. In few other recent studies from countries endemic for HBV, occult HBV infection was frequently found in children and young adults who were vaccinated for HBV at birth [16,18,19].”

The new study also found indication that occult infection with hepatitis B can be, and often is, cleared from the body with adequate time:

“Our study also addresses a major issue of the natural history of occult HBV infection in children. We found that the frequency of occult HBV infection was 64% at 18 weeks, which decreased signiﬁcantly to 42% by 2 years. Similarly, in a study from Taiwan [18], 11% of children were found to have occult HBV infection, while in a study on young adults aged 19–21 years from China [19], 4% were found to be having occult HBV infection. In our study, we also found that one of the major determinants for persistence of occult HBV infection is the poor immune response to the HBV vaccine. Thus, it seems that as children grow old, some of them may lose their infection depending on the improvement of their immune status.”

“In ca. 23 – 28% of the perinatal vaccine failures HBsAg escape mutations have been observed whereas in the pre-vaccination era the proportion of these mutants was only 8%.”[xiii]

“The occult or reactivated HBV strains in most cases contain several HBsAg escape mutants against which the vaccine-induced immune response may not protect as shown in Figure 8.” [xv]

Does the new study not open up a larger question regarding the universal immunization of all infants for hepatitis B on the CDC vaccine schedule? Couldn’t vaccination be simply reducing acute infectious episodes with a vaccine-specific strain (as measured by HBsAg), while increasing occult infections with wild type or escape mutants?

In 1992, the WHO recommended the implementation of universal childhood vaccination for hepatitis B worldwide, with 180 countries presently adopting this measure.[xiv] This was spurned by the advent of inexpensive, recombinant DNA hepatitis B vaccine, which contained HBV subgenotype A2. And yet amazingly, more than 99% of the HBV carriers worldwide have other genotypes. [See a global diagram of the different types]

So, what are the larger implications of this study?

The first, most obvious implication is that the recombinant hepatitis B vaccine may be exerting selective pressure on hepatitis B virus to produce ‘escaped mutants’ capable of evading detection but nonetheless contributing to ‘occult’ morbidity and mortality in these vaccinated populations.

As Dr. Kelly Brogan, having thoroughly reviewed this study, recently opined:

“What does this mean? The implications of this is that immune response to the vaccine, which is heralded as “proof of efficacy”, in fact had no statistical bearing on infectious outcomes. Exposure to maternal infection at birth did not correlate with future outcomes either. The only thing that did was maternal viral DNA and HBeAg indicative of acute/active infection, and giving the babies Hepatitis IG (not the vaccine) may have suppressed overt infection in some cases, but it just sent it underground. Contrary to claims of cited studies which assert 85-95% efficacy of the vaccine alone and in combination with HBIG (the majority of which, I have confirmed were industry funded as opposed to this paper which declares no conflicts) in preventing acute and chronic infection in babies born to infected mothers, this study found that, not only were babies going on to develop chronic infection, but the type of infection they developed was “covert”, which means that it did not prompt the expected antibody response and would likely smolder there chronically without routine detection including when these individuals may go on to donate blood, have sex, and use IV drugs. This covert infection is theorized to develop as a result of “immune pressure” from these treatments, which result in viral mutations eluding the host. These mutationsaccumulate in vaccinated children. What this means is that, current practice, as applied to the group of people most appropriate for the intervention, is not effective and may contribute to mutations in the virus that allow for covert infection.

Finally, Dr. Brogan asks the question: “So, if it works even 8% more than a coin toss in preventing infection, than why not just do it?” To that she answers (we think correctly):

Because it is a toxic exposure that has unknown and unpredictable effects. It has never been studied in humans, and what we are observing from population-based reports is that 443,093 adverse events (headache, irritability, extreme fatigue, brain inflammation, convulsions, rheumatoid arthritis, optic neuritis, multiple sclerosis, lupus, Guillain Barre Syndrome (GBS) and neuropathy ) have been registered including >1500 deaths, often labeled as Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. NVIC discusses: An historic report in 1994 published by the Institute of Medicine, National Academy of Sciences, reviewed the medical literature for evidence that vaccines, including hepatitis B vaccine, can cause a variety of immune and neurological health problems. An independent committee of physician experts concluded that there were no case controlled observational studies or controlled clinical trials conducted on hepatitis B vaccine either before or after licensure to scientifically evaluate persistent reports that hepatitis B vaccine can cause sudden infant death syndrome; Guillain-Barre syndrome (GBS) and other central demyelinating diseases including transverse myelitis, optic neuritis, and multiple sclerosis; and immune system dysfunction including chronic arthritis.

Ultimately what this new study reveals is that hepatitis B is not really a vaccine-preventable disease; at least not in the sense of a ‘highly effective’ intervention that popular consciousness, and an increasingly faith- and not evidence-based conventional medical establishment believes it to be. While hepatitis B vaccine may reduce the occurrence of overt forms of a particular vaccine-specific form of hepatitis B, this quasi-species has a wide range of genotypes and variants to draw from to produce so-called ‘occult’ or covert infections that are largely under the radar of vaccine post-marketing surveillance and viral epidemiology, despite causing chronic liver disease in those infected with it.

Vaccine-induced antibody elevations against a target pathogen are no real-world measure of effectiveness; this is a proxy indication, and highly misleading. Either a vaccine works in reality or it does not; 42% of these infants were infected at year 2 after no less than 4 of the same vaccine. This is a tragic example of vaccine failure. Driving an overt infection into a covert one does not count. Claiming so is disingenuous, and considering how harmful hepatitis B vaccines are on a less than one day old newborn’s body, immune system and nervous system, probably much worse. A central dogma of vaccinology is that elevating antibody titers against a pathogen through synthetic means results in improved health. And yet, not to long ago, a study published in the journal Immunity challenged this core tenet, essentially calling into question the primary justification for vaccination by showing that antibody elevations are not always necessary for the immune system to launch an effective response against a pathogen.

For a vaccine declared to be “95% effective” by the World Health Organization, we should all be seriously considering the implications of this study, especially as concerns an ever-expanding immunization schedule increasingly foisted upon the public as “necessary.”

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/fail-infant-hep-b-vaccines-perform-shamefully-time-end-them

References

[i] World Health Organization, Hepatitis B

[ii] 1Hepatitis B vaccine induces apoptotic death in Hepa1-6 cells. Apoptosis. 2012 Jan 17. Epub 2012 Jan 17. PMID: 22249285

[iii] GreenMedInfo.com, Hepatitis B Vaccine Side Effects

[iv] Wolfram H Gerlich. Medical virology of hepatitis B: how it began and where we are now.

[v] CDC.gov, A Comprehensive Immunization Strategy to Eliminate Transmission of Hepatitis B Virus Infection in the United States. View PDF

[vi] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17336170

[vii] IBID, iv

[viii] Francisco Rodriguez-Frias, Maria Buti, David Tabernero, Maria Homs. Quasispecies structure, cornerstone of hepatitis B virus infection: Mass sequencing approach.

[ix] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/16461211/?i=21&from=hepatitis b vaccine selective

[x]http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3168123/

[xi] Ibid

[xii] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1697396

[xiii] Hsu HY, Chang MH, Ni YH, Chiang CL, Chen HL, Wu JF, Chen PJ. No increase in prevalence of hepatitis B surface antigen mutant in a population of children and adolescents who were fully covered by universal infant immunization. J Infect Dis. 2010;10:1192–1200. doi: 10.1086/651378. [PubMed] [Cross Ref]

[xiv] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22999800/

[xv] http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3729363/

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32192,"by National Vaccine Information Center

Please immediately contact your Congressional Representative and 2 U.S. Senators to OPPOSE H.R 1313 Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act

This bill is sponsored by Rep. Foxx, Virginia [R-NC-5]. It is attempting to coerce employees into employer disease prevention wellness programs. Section 3 (a) 2 refers to “workplace wellness programs and programs of health promotion or disease prevention offered by an employer.” The words disease prevention are concerning since not everyone agrees with the use of vaccines to prevent disease.

Section 2 (3) adds to this concern:

(3) in enacting the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), Congress intended that employers would be permitted to implement health promotion and prevention programs that provide incentives, rewards, rebates, surcharges, penalties, or other inducements related to wellness programs, including rewards of up to 50 percent off of insurance premiums for employees participating in programs designed to encourage healthier lifestyle choices;

As well as Section 3 (c);

(c) Rule of construction.—Nothing in subsection (a)(1)(A) shall be construed to prevent an employer that is offering a wellness program to an employee from requiring such employee, within 45 days from the date the employee first has an opportunity to earn a reward, to request a reasonable alternative standard (or waiver of the otherwise applicable standard). Nothing in subsection (a)(1)(A) shall be construed to prevent an employer from imposing a reasonable time period, based upon all the facts and circumstances, during which the employee must complete the reasonable alternative standard. Such a reasonable alternative standard (or waiver of the otherwise applicable standard) is provided for in section 2705(j) (3)(D) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300 gg–4(j)(3)(D)) (and any regulations promulgated with respect to such section by the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Secretary of the Treasury).

The concern is this bill if passed into law would be applied to penalize employees who do not get regular vaccines imposed by an employee wellness plan. HR 1313 is indeed a threat to anyone employed by a company or large organization that offers a “wellness” program and partners with government and Pharma to “give carrots and apply sticks” to employees who do or do not go along with government endorsed “standard of care,” which includes receipt of federally recommended vaccines, whether the language in this bill says the word “vaccine” or not.

Please go to the “National” Tab on NVIC Advocacy. Your Congressional Representative and Two U.S. Senators will be listed on the right hand side of your personalized page. Click on their names for direct links to their contact information so you can voice your opposition to this bill.

Sincerely,

NVIC Advocacy Team

National Vaccine Information Center and NVIC Advocacy Portal



The National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) works diligently to prepare and disseminate our legislative advocacy action alerts and supporting materials. We request that organizations and members of the public forward our alerts in their original form to assure consistent and accurate messaging and effective action. Please acknowledge NVIC as originators of this work when forwarding to members of the public and like-minded organizations. To receive alerts immediately, register at http://NVICAdvocacy.org, a website dedicated to this sole purpose and provided as a free public service by NVIC.



Read the full report at NVIC’s Facebook page here.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23898,"by Health Impact News

The Department of Justice issues a report on vaccine injuries and deaths every quarter to the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines [1] (Click on “Meeting Book – PDF – 10.8 MB” for September 3rd meeting). There are 211 cases for vaccine injuries and deaths for the period 5/16/2015 through 8/15/2015.

86 of the settlements were listed in this report, giving the name of the vaccines, the injury, and the amount of time the case was pending before settlement. Three of those settlements were for deaths linked to vaccines, with two deaths related to the flu shot, and one death for the HPV shot. 65 of the 86 settlements were for injuries and deaths due to the flu shot, and the majority of flu shot injuries were for Guillain-Barré Syndrome (GBS).

These quarterly reports on vaccine injuries and death settlements from the U.S. vaccine court are seldom, if ever, reported in the mainstream media. We report them here at Health Impact News [2]. Here is the September 3, 2015 report:

[3]

[4]

[5]

[6]

[7]

[8]

[9]

[10]

[11]

Most of the Public is Unaware that there is a Vaccine Court

[12]

In November of 2014 the Government Accounting Office (GAO) issued the first report [13] on America’s “Vaccine Court,” known as the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (NVICP), in almost 15 years. Most citizens of the United States are not even aware that there is something called the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, and that if you suffer harm or death due to a vaccine, that you cannot sue the manufacturer of the vaccine, but you must sue the Federal Government and try to obtain compensation from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund, which is funded by taxes paid on vaccines.

This is because Congress gave the pharmaceutical companies immunity against lawsuits for injuries or deaths resulting in vaccines in 1986. Prior to this time, there were so many lawsuits pending against pharmaceutical companies for injuries and deaths due to vaccines, that the pharmaceutical industry basically blackmailed Congress and told them that if they did not grant them legal immunity against the liabilities of vaccines, that they would quit making them. These vaccine products cannot survive in a free market, they are so bad.

The November 2014 GAO report criticized the government for not making the public more aware that the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program exists, and that there are funds available for vaccine injuries. Therefore, the settlements represented by vaccine injuries and deaths included in the DOJ report probably represent a small fraction of the actual vaccine injuries and deaths occurring in America today.

Is the Government Trying to Hide Stats Showing Increase in Vaccine Injuries and Deaths?

The September 3rd, 2015 report published here shows a definite increase in compensations for vaccine injuries from the last report issued on June 4th, 2015 [14], and previous reports [2] before then. You can review previous DOJ reports [2]for vaccine injuries and deaths compensated by the U.S. Government here [2].

Investigative reporter Sharyl Attkisson, a former CBS Evening News correspondent, recently reported that the government has deleted some vaccine data from their websites.

She wrote:

In March, the federal government removed the latest vaccine injury court statistics—more than a year’s worth of data—from one of its publicly reported charts. It was an abrupt departure from the normal practice of updating the figures monthly. Wiping the latest data means the “adjudication” chart on a government website no longer reflects the recent, sharp rise in court victories for plaintiffs who claimed their children were seriously injured or killed by one or more vaccines. Since January of 2014, twice as many victims have won court decisions than the previous eight years combined. In these court decisions, a judge ruled the evidence showed vaccines “more likely than not” caused the plaintiff’s injuries. Also on the rise is the number of vaccine injury cases the government has “conceded”: up 55% in a little over one year. As a result of the recent website changes, neither of these trends is reflected on the current “adjudication” chart.

Read her full report here:

Safety of Flu Shots Not Established

Currently, flu shots are made by multiple drug manufacturers including Flucelvax, FluLaval, Flublok, Fluarix, Afluria, Fluzone, and Fluvirin. Do you know what they all have in common? Each shot listed above states the following on their product insert:

“ Safety and effectiveness have not been established in pregnant women or nursing mothers .”

“…has not been evaluated for carcinogenic or mutagenic potential.”

Regarding the safety and effectiveness of each vaccine in regards to children, each insert tells a different story. If you are deciding to give a flu shot to your child this year, it is important to understand the safety research, or lack of, for their specific shot.

Flubok: “ Safety and effectiveness in children 3 years to less than 18 years of age have not been established .”

Flucelvax: “ Safety and effectiveness have not been established in children less than 18 years of age .”

.” Fluzone: “ Safety and effectiveness in children below the age of 6 months have not been established .”

.” Fluvirin: “ The safety and immunogenicity have not been established in children under 4 years of age .”

.” FluLaval: “ Safety and effectiveness in children younger than 3 years have not been established .”

.” Afluria: “… not approved for use in children less than 5 years of age .”

.” Fluarix: “… not approved for use in children younger than 3 years .”

.” Fluvirin: “The safety and immunogenicity have not been established in children under 4 years of age.”

Safety data and effectiveness for the flu shots and many others are currently unknown and still being tracked as described in each insert category listed above. Any medical professional that insists on injecting you without full disclosure of these facts could face a suspension or loss of their license to practice.

In the video below, Dr. Mark Geier explains the fraud behind the flu vaccine. Dr. Geier is NOT anti-vaccine. He is an M.D. and has a PhD in genetics. He spent 10 years working at the National Institute of Health, and was a professor at Johns Hopkins University as a geneticist. He is also the author of over 150 peer-reviewed publications.

He worked on vaccine safety and efficacy for more than 30 years. He was one of four scientists that worked to replace the DTP vaccine, a vaccine that caused every child to become sick with a high fever at the time of vaccination, with the DTaP vaccine, which is a more purified vaccine and causes illness due to fever in only 3% of those vaccinated.

In the video above, he explains that the flu shot causes Guillain-Barré Syndrome, and that the flu shot is not very effective in preventing the flu. He also explains that the CDC does not follow the law for vaccines in requiring long-term safety testing for the influenza vaccine like they do with other vaccines, as it is impossible to test a vaccine that changes every year. So the flu vaccine is basically an experimental vaccine that they want to give out to 300 million people every year. There are also no studies showing the safety of giving the flu vaccine to the same person every single year. However, Dr. Geier points out that the CDC is in the business of distributing flu vaccines, because they represent 300 million doses per year, whereas all the childhood vaccines together only number 20 million.

Dr. Geier goes on to explain that flu is “the wrong thing to vaccinate against” because you have to keep re-vaccinating against it every year, unlike childhood infectious diseases, such as smallpox, that are only vaccinated for once. Dr. Geier points out how ridiculous it is spend billions of dollars on a vaccine that might, at its best, save about 50 lives a year, when there are far more serious problems causing death that are more worthy of that kind of expenditure.

Be informed before you vaccinate, particularly the annual flu vaccine! In general, medical professionals and the federal government cannot be trusted, as they present the extremist position that all vaccines are safe, and they are not a credible source due to their conflicts of interest [16].

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [17]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43805,"By Dr. Mercola

Taking antidepressants may raise the risk of heart disease in men. They can thicken artery walls through an as yet unknown mechanism.

The drugs seem to accelerate atherosclerosis by increasing the thickness of the “intima media”, the inner and middle layers of the arteries. They particularly affect the carotid arteries that feed blood to your brain.

According to the Los Angeles Times:

“… [T]he intima-media thickness of men taking antidepressants was 37 microns (about 5 percent) thicker than that of men not taking the drugs. When the team looked at 59 twin pairs in which one twin was taking the drugs and the second was not, the artery was 41 microns thicker in the twin taking the drugs.”

Sources:

Los Angeles Times April 2, 2011

Dr. Mercola’s Comments:

My recent article on the dangers of psychiatric drugs ignited a firestorm of controversy. Part of the outrage may have been caused by some general misunderstandings, which I hope to clear up here. This is particularly important at this time as it is abundantly clear that suicide rates rise as the economy worsens. The image of people jumping from windows after the stock market crash of 1929 graphically illustrates this risk. Many may not agree, but I have been studying the economy for over 30 years now and it seems crystal clear to me that the economy has yet to hit bottom, and this will only serve to increase the risk of depression.

My Personal Experiences with Depression

First of all, I would like to set the record straight as many were confused about my personal experiences with depression. They believed I had none, and therefore there is no way I could understand this disease. Well let me tell you, nothing could be further from the truth. Mental and emotional problems exact an extreme toll on family units and in some cases extended circles of friends. I’ve personally been a witness to the struggles of two people near and dear to me who suffered from deep chronic depression for a number of years that actually resulted in multiple suicide attempts. Suicide is a common complication of depression, and is one of the primary reasons why it must be taken seriously as it can become a terminal illness. Many also might be unaware that I was a full-time practicing physician for over 20 years before I determined that I could help more people by committing myself full time to this newsletter and web site, than treating patients one on one. Before making that choice however, I treated tens of thousands of people for all sorts of problems, and I’ve seen my fair share of depressed patients. I became acutely aware of the importance of managing depression in the early 80s. Unfortunately, at that time the only tools I had in my toolbox were drugs and exercise. So I became an expert in the first generation antidepressants and literally prescribed them for thousands of patients. I had as much experience in dosing patients with drugs as many psychiatrists. So please realize from both a personal and professional perspective I have had enormous experience in this area. It took me nearly 10 years to break out of the drug model and realize that the drugs never treated the cause and only served to palliate the symptoms. They simply were NOT the solution.

What is Depression?

If one is seeking to treat the cause rather than to merely alleviate symptoms, then it is important to understand what the cause is. I now view depression as something that can be the result of an unhealthy or unbalanced lifestyle, which results in a precise complex of well-defined symptoms (see table below). In some individuals, the effect is depression, while others may develop obesity, heart disease, diabetes, or cancer. Of course many develop more than one of these symptoms. But ultimately many of the same factors contribute to all of these diseases. Diagnostic criteria for major depressive disorder* A. The patient has depressed mood (e.g., sad or empty feeling) or loss of interest or pleasure most of the time for 2 or more weeks plus 4 or more of the following symptoms: Sleep: Insomnia or hypersomnia nearly every day Interest: Markedly diminished interest or pleasure in nearly all activities most of the time Guilt: Excessive or inappropriate feelings of guilt or worthlessness most of the time Energy: Loss of energy or fatigue most of the time Concentration: Diminished ability to think or concentrate; indecisiveness most of the time Appetite: Increase or decrease in appetite Psychomotor: Observed psychomotor agitation/retardation Suicide: Recurrent thoughts of death/suicidal ideation B. The symptoms do not meet criteria for mixed episode (major depressive episode and manic episode) C. The symptoms cause clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning D. The symptoms are not due to the direct physiological effects of a substance (e.g., a drug of abuse, a medication) or a general medical condition E.The symptoms are not better accounted for by bereavement

Is Depression Really a “Chemical Imbalance”?

Most people have heard the “chemical imbalance” theory and believe it is true. It is important to realize that there is no scientific evidence for this theory. There is no credible scientific lab test showing the presence or absence of mental disease. There is simply no way you can measure this imbalance. It sounds scientific, but the drug companies merely use the chemical imbalance theory as a useful metaphor that justifies their aggressive use of antidepressants to correct this alleged “imbalance.” If you carefully study the history of psychiatry you will find that a biological explanation had to be found to justify the failing image of psychiatrists as respected scientific professionals. About 60 years ago, the chemical imbalance theory was created and the actual phrase originated from the scientific study of brain chemistry in the 50s. The basic concept is that neurotransmitter imbalances within your brain are the main causes of psychiatric conditions, and that these conditions can be improved with medication that corrects these imbalances. Everyone knows that you can see cancer under a microscope and a pathologist can easily identify its cell type. However, there is NO objective blood or urine test, No X-ray, MRI, PET scan, or biopsy that has ever validated the theory that something is biochemically wrong in a depressed patient.

Don’t Believe Me? Then Read the Drug Package Inserts

The statement that depression is due to a “chemical imbalance in your brain,” (which antidepressants are designed to correct) is NOT a scientific statement. If the chemical imbalance theory was true and it was proven that antidepressants correct this imbalance, then why wouldn’t the drug companies say that on their antidepressant package inserts? Just look at any of them and you will see they clearly state that the mechanism of action is unknown. As an example, from thepackage insert of Cymbalta: “Although the exact mechanisms of the antidepressant, central pain inhibitory and anxiolytic actions of duloxetine in humans are unknown, these actions are believed to be related to its potentiation of serotonergic and noradrenergic activity in the CNS.” An updated version of this theory was produced to justify the use of the SSRI drugs. It was called the low serotonin theory. However, as explained by investigative health journalist Robert Whitaker, the National Institutes of Mental Health (NIMH) investigated whether or not depressed individuals had low serotonin and concluded, in 1983, that there is no evidence that there is anything wrong in the serotonergic system of depressed patients. More recent research, published in 2009, confirms that this idea is incorrect. The findings, which were presented at the 2009 Neuroscience conference in Chicago, Illinois, found strong indications that depression actually begins further up in the chain of events in the brain. Essentially, the medications have been focusing on the effect, not the cause, of depression.

What REALLY Causes Depression?

Let’s use the simple metaphor of your car. If you threw maple syrup or water in your gas tank rather than a high quality gas, it would be no surprise if your car quit working. So why would it be any different when you provide your body with less than optimal fuel? The most common source of calories in the U.S. is fructose. Combine that with the fact that 90 percent of the money Americans spend on food is for processed foods and you have a prescription for a health disaster mentally and physically. Our food supply is loaded with toxins, such as MSG, aspartame, artificial dyes and colors, and the containers that hold the food are typically laced with other toxins like BPA, phthalates, aluminum, and fluoride. It’s also known that many additives, preservatives and food colorants can cause behavioral changes, so they should be avoided as well. The dietary answer for treating depression is to severely limit sugars, especially fructose, as well as grains, because these can lead to excessive insulin release that can lead to hypoglycemia. Hypoglycemia, in turn, causes your brain to secrete glutamate in levels that can cause agitation, depression, anger, anxiety, panic attacks and an increase in suicide risk. There’s a great book on this subject, The Sugar Blues, written by William Dufty more than 30 years ago, that delves into this topic in great detail. The central argument Dufty makes in the book is that sugar is an extremely health-harming addictive drug, and that by simply making that one dietary change—eliminating as much sugar as possible—can have a profoundly beneficial impact on your mental health. He even advocated eliminating sugar from the diets of the mentally ill, stating it could be an effective treatment in and of itself for some people. So radically reducing your sugar intake, especially fructose, to less than 25 grams per day will be one of the most powerful interventions at “correcting this chemical imbalance”. Consuming more than 25 grams of fructose a day will clearly push your brain biochemistry in the wrong direction.

You are a Fat Head, so Fats are Major Players in Your Brain Health

Even if you have a decent diet, nutritional deficiencies are pervasive and can easily contribute to depression. One of the most common deficiencies is high quality omega-3 fats. Many people don’t realize that their brain is 60 percent fat, but not just any fat. It is DHA, which is an animal based omega-3 fat. Dr. Stoll is a Harvard psychiatrist and was one of the early leaders in compiling the evidence supporting the use of animal based omega-3 fats for the treatment of depression. He wrote an excellent book that details his experience in this area called The Omega-3 Connection. Another important deficiency is exercise. There is simply a mountain of well-done scientific research pointing to the fact that exercise is one of the most potent treatments we have for depression. Unlike drugs, it is FAR more consistently effective than placebo when done properly. Sleep is another critical issue. You can have the best diet and exercise program possible but if you aren’t sleeping well you can easily become depressed. Sleep and depression are so intimately linked that a sleep disorder is actually part of the definition of the symptom complex that gives the label depression. I believe the root cause of mild to moderate depression is unrepaired emotional trauma resulting in a type of neuro-emotional short-circuiting. Your body and life are out of balance. This is so important to remember, because as soon as you start to view depression as an “illness,” you think you need to take a drug to fix it. In reality, you first need to do whatever you can to return balance to your life, and one of the key ways to doing this is addressing negative emotions.

Vitamin Deficiencies Contribute to Depression

There are two important vitamin deficiencies that can contribute to depression. One is vitamin B12, which affects about one in four people. Vitamin D is also important. One study found that people with the lowest levels of vitamin D were 11 times more prone to be depressed than those who had normal levels. Additionally, a study published in the September 9, 2010 issue of the Archives of General Psychiatry found that maintaining proper levels of vitamin D in utero and during early infancy can even help prevent a much more serious mental disorder – schizophrenia. Newborn babies with low vitamin D levels were more likely to develop schizophrenia later in life – leading researchers to suggest that perhaps vitamin D supplements might be all you need to prevent this devastating illness. The researchers also looked at other populations, such as dark-skinned ethnic groups living in cold countries, and residents of highly urban areas who aren’t exposed to regular sunlight like those in rural areas, concluding that: “It may be feasible to reduce the incidence of schizophrenia in this group by a staggering 87 percent” by simply giving them vitamin D supplements! The best way to get vitamin D is through exposure to SUNSHINE, not swallowing a tablet. Remember, SAD (Seasonal Affective Disorder) is a type of depression that we know is related to sunshine deficiency so it would make sense that the perfect way to get your vitamin D is through sun exposure, or a safe tanning bed if you can’t have regular access to the sun. Aside from the direct benefit of vitamin D on depression, it is likely that sunlight has an independent benefit for mental health that is independent of generating vitamin D. This is one of the reasons why SAD is so pervasive in the winter and why depression is rampant in the Pacific Northwest in the winter. So essentially, sunlight deficiency is also a major risk factor.

How are Antidepressants Approved?

Do you know how drugs are approved by the FDA? The film Marketing of Madness elaborates on this, explaining that pharmaceutical companies must submit a few studies that provide clear compelling evidence that the drug works. Seems reasonable, right? But what nearly no one knows is that a drug company can do 1,000 studies that show the drug failed miserably but due to some statistical aberration find two that worked and those could be cherry picked and submitted to get the drug approved! Plus the drug companies pay for these studies. They are NOT funded by the NIH, FDA or some objective third party. So there is a massive conflict of interest.

Why Do These Drugs Seem to Work?

Though none of these drug therapies have ever cured anything, they do alter the neurochemical balance in your brain, so in that sense, they definitely have an effect. So how do you explain the fact that many seem to improve on them? Let me make it crystal clear that these drugs are NOT placebos; they are very powerful drugs that clearly have an effect on behavior. There is NO QUESTION that they can influence the way people feel. But does that mean that they are actually solving the problem and treating the underlying conditions? A simple analogy is useful here. It is easy to understand that taking recreational drugs like alcohol, cocaine or amphetamines will clearly change your behavior. Does that mean that they are the solution to the reasons why many people take them? If we examine the history of psychiatry we can find some useful historical antecedents. Sigmund Freud played a major role in the creation of cocaine industry. Freud wrote glowing articles about cocaine as a panacea for all sorts of disease with no evidence of addictive tendencies. What he failed to reveal was a MAJOR conflict of interest with two drug company giants, Merck and Park Davis who both handsomely paid him to endorse their cocaine extracts. Freud’s strong endorsement helped create a cocaine epidemic in Europe about 100 years ago. So another happy pill had to be found. Amphetamines were used but later also found to be highly toxic and addictive. Each drug followed the same pattern. First the drug would be hailed as a medical breakthrough for mental problems, then increasing reports of serious side effects would trickle in. Finally after years of denial, when psychiatrists and drug companies could no longer deny the dangers of the drug, they would abandon it in favor of the next wonder drug, which I will discuss in the next section.

What are the Most Popular Antidepressants?

The drug industry has made a major advance in this area since I graduated medical school. A that time most of the drugs had really severe side effects. Anticholinergics and MAO inhibitors had to be carefully prescribed to achieve the fine balance of symptom relief. Prozac was released in 1987 in the US and started an entire new area of antidepressant therapy class known as the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). The most popular drugs in this class include: Prozac (fluoxetine)

Celexa (citalopram)

Zoloft (sertraline)

Paxil (paroxetine)

Lexapro (escitalopram) SSRIs work by preventing the reuptake (movement back into the nerve endings) of the neurotransmitter serotonin. So SSRIs make more serotonin available for use in your brain, which is thought to improve your mood. Other commonly used antidepressants include serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs), which inhibit the reuptake of two neurotransmitters: norepinephrine and serotonin. Popular drugs in this class include Effexor and Cymbalta. Wellbutrin, another popular choice, acts on the neurotransmitter dopamine.

Newer Drugs for Depression

There’s also a newer psychotropic medication given to people for depression: Abilify (aripiprazole). Abilify is licensed for the treatment of bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, autism—and major depression when taken with antidepressants. I.e. it is used to augment the effects of the antidepressants—because, of course, they work so poorly! Abilify is a perfect example of how polypharmacy is spreading and increasing. The word ‘polypharmacy’ means “many drugs,” and essentially refers to instances where an individual is taking too many drugs–either because more drugs are prescribed than clinically indicated, or when the sheer number of pills simply becomes a burden for the patient. This situation used to be primarily a concern for the elderly, who generally take more medicines than younger folk. But over the past several years, even children as young as three are increasingly being prescribed four or more drugs! This is a significant problem, as the more drugs you mix together, the greater the chances of serious side effects. People (of all ages) taking psychiatric drugs appear to be particularly prone to polypharmacy, which is particularly disturbing since each and every one of these drugs are quite potent and potentially dangerous when taken all by itself… Abilify, for example, has 75 different side effects associated with it, including: Low thyroid (hypothyroidism) or high thyroid (hyperthyroidism)

Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)

Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)

Gallstones and kidney stones

Yeast infections

Arthritis

Carpal tunnel syndrome

Impotence

Are These Drugs Better than a Placebo?

What do the studies show? They indicate that antidepressants are marginally effective over placebo. But when you factor in UNPBULISHED trials they actually become LESS effective than placebo. And it’s not just one study. Several studies have come to the same conclusion. For example, a 2002 meta-analysis of published clinical trials indicated that 75 percent of the response to antidepressants could be duplicated by placebo. Similarly, in 2008, a meta-analysis published in PLoS Medicine concluded that the difference between antidepressants and placebo pills is very small—and that both are ineffective for most depressed patients. Only the most severely depressed showed any response to antidepressants at all, and that response was quite minimal. This makes sense when you consider that these drugs don’t address the cause, which has its beginnings in your emotions, and possibly in nutritional deficiencies.

Why Antidepressants Don’t Work

There are many reasons why they don’t work the way most people think they work, or want them to work. Two such reasons, which I wrote about two years ago, are that: 1. Chronic stress does not cause the same molecular changes that depression does, but most antidepressants are based on the hypothesis that stress causes depression. The hypothesis appears to be incorrect, which means the drugs are virtually worthless. 2. An imbalance in neurotransmitters in your brain may not trigger depressive symptoms as has long been thought. Instead, the biochemical events that lead to depression appear to start in the development and functioning of neurons. This means antidepressants focus on the effect of depression, and completely miss the cause. These findings were presented at the 2009 Neuroscience conference in Chicago, Illinios. The press release announcing the findings reads: “More than half the people who take antidepressants for depression never get relief. Why? Because the cause of depression has been oversimplified and drugs designed to treat it aim at the wrong target, according to new research from the Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine. The medications are like arrows shot at the outer rings of a bull’s eye instead of the center. A study from the laboratory of long-time depression researcher Eva Redei… appears to topple two strongly held beliefs about depression. One is that stressful life events are a major cause of depression. The other is that an imbalance in neurotransmitters in the brain triggers depressive symptoms. Both findings are significant because these beliefs were the basis for developing drugs currently used to treat depression. Redei, the David Lawrence Stein Professor of Psychiatry at Northwestern’s Feinberg School, found powerful molecular evidence that quashes the long-held dogma that stress is generally a major cause of depression. Her new research reveals that there is almost no overlap between stress-related genes and depression-related genes. … [A]nother reason current antidepressants are often ineffective is that they aim to boost neurotransmitters based on the popular molecular explanation of depression, which is that it’s the result of decreased levels of the neurotransmitters serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine. But that’s wrong, Redei said. In the second part of the study, Redei found strong indications that depression actually begins further up in the chain of events in the brain. The biochemical events that ultimately result in depression actually start in the development and functioning of neurons. “The medications have been focusing on the effect, not the cause,” she said. “That’s why it takes so long for them to work and why they aren’t effective for so many people.”

Well-Documented Side Effects

The interactions of antidepressants with your brain, liver, digestive system and other systems are still not fully understood, but we do know that the side effects are numerous. Besides the standard laundry list of nausea, dry mouth and loss of libido, more serious side effects of commonly prescribed antidepressants include: Suicidal thoughts and feelings and violent behavior : The main and primary one that you should be concerned about is that they could actually INCREASE your risk of suicide. Your risk for suicide may be twice as high if you take SSRIs. Seven out of 12 school shootings were also perpetrated by children who were either on antidepressants or withdrawing from them.

: The main and primary one that you should be concerned about is that they could actually INCREASE your risk of suicide. Your risk for suicide may be twice as high if you take SSRIs. Seven out of 12 school shootings were also perpetrated by children who were either on antidepressants or withdrawing from them. Diabetes : Your risk for type 2 diabetes is two to three times higher if you take antidepressants, according to one study. All types of antidepressants, including tricyclic and SSRIs, increases type 2 diabetes risk.

: Your risk for type 2 diabetes is two to three times higher if you take antidepressants, according to one study. All types of antidepressants, including tricyclic and SSRIs, increases type 2 diabetes risk. Problems with your immune system : SSRIs cause serotonin to remain in your nerve junctions longer, interfering with immune cell signaling and T cell growth.

: SSRIs cause serotonin to remain in your nerve junctions longer, interfering with immune cell signaling and T cell growth. Stillbirths : A Canadian study of almost 5,000 mothers found that women on SSRIs were twice as likely to have a stillbirth, and almost twice as likely to have a premature or low birth weight baby; another study showed a 40 percent increased risk for birth defects, such as cleft palate.

: A Canadian study of almost 5,000 mothers found that women on SSRIs were twice as likely to have a stillbirth, and almost twice as likely to have a premature or low birth weight baby; another study showed a 40 percent increased risk for birth defects, such as cleft palate. Brittle bones : One study showed women on antidepressants have a 30 percent higher risk of spinal fracture and a 20 percent high risk for all other fractures. This is because serotonin is also involved in the physiology of bone. If you alter serotonin levels with a drug, it can result in low bone density, boosting fracture risk.

: One study showed women on antidepressants have a 30 percent higher risk of spinal fracture and a 20 percent high risk for all other fractures. This is because serotonin is also involved in the physiology of bone. If you alter serotonin levels with a drug, it can result in low bone density, boosting fracture risk. Stroke: Your risk for stroke may be 45 percent higher if you are on antidepressants, possibly related to how the drugs affect blood clotting

Your risk for stroke may be 45 percent higher if you are on antidepressants, possibly related to how the drugs affect blood clotting Heart disease and Sudden cardiac death : Brand new research reported at a New Orleans meeting of the American College of Cardiology found that antidepressants increase your risk of heart disease by causing your artery walls to thicken. The exact biological mechanism is still unknown. A literature review of studies from 2000-2007, published in Expert Opinion on Drug Safety in 2008, found that “Antipsychotics can increase cardiac risk even at low doses, whereas antidepressants do it generally at high doses or in the setting of drug combinations.” Another study published in January 2009 in the New England Journal of Medicine also found that antipsychotic drugs doubled the risk of sudden cardiac death. Mortality was found to be dose-dependent, so those taking higher doses were at increased risk of a lethal cardiac event.

: Brand new research reported at a New Orleans meeting of the American College of Cardiology found that antidepressants increase your risk of heart disease by causing your artery walls to thicken. The exact biological mechanism is still unknown. A literature review of studies from 2000-2007, published in Expert Opinion on Drug Safety in 2008, found that “Antipsychotics can increase cardiac risk even at low doses, whereas antidepressants do it generally at high doses or in the setting of drug combinations.” Another study published in January 2009 in the New England Journal of Medicine also found that antipsychotic drugs doubled the risk of sudden cardiac death. Mortality was found to be dose-dependent, so those taking higher doses were at increased risk of a lethal cardiac event. Death: Overall death rates have been found to be 32 percent higher in women on antidepressants. When you’re talking about antipsychotics, which are meant for more severe mental illness such as schizophrenia, the risks can be even more severe, depending on the drug. For example, a recent study published in JAMA discovered that contrary to what we’ve previously thought, schizophrenia itself does not alter your brain mass. What was previously believed to be evidence of the disease causing brain shrinkage was actually the effect of the antipsychotic drugs prescribed to schizophrenics… Keeping that fact in mind, is it wise to prescribe antipsychotics to anyone who does not suffer from schizophrenia or bi-polar disorder? Well, whether it’s sensible or not, the fact is they are being prescribed to a whole lot of people who are neither bi-polar nor schizophrenic, and the side effects are just as bad either way. And as another example of the dangerous mis-use and off-label prescribing that is so rampant today, a 2009 article in Medscape Today reveals that 60 percent of the US military veterans who received antipsychotic medication in 2007 were not diagnosed with any of the mental illnesses for which these drugs were approved. So that year, more than 162,440 military veterans—the MAJORITY; 60 percent—were prescribed brain-damaging drugs without a diagnosis warranting their use! And that’s just one group of people. You also have hundreds of thousands of civilians being prescribed antipsychotic for off-label uses every year. Again, drugs that cause BRAIN SHRINKAGE are being given to people without proper diagnosis of mental illness! How is this NOT an outrage? How could I possibly keep quiet about something as harmful as this? If you’re given a prescription for an antipsychotic, and you’re not actually schizophrenic, wouldn’t you want to know about this potentially devastating side effect?

Do I Feel the Use of these Drugs is Ever Appropriate?

Please understand that I am not seeking to diminish the impact of mental illness. It is massively pervasive and responsible for tens of thousands of deaths every year and needless suffering in millions of others. My clinical experience leads me to believe that the only appropriate use of these dangerous medications is as a last ditch effort when the patient is at a serious risk to themselves or others. The drugs should be continued until the condition is under control and they are out of harm’s way. This is a very similar strategy to the way you would employ by going to the ER and orthopedic surgeon for a cast when you are in an accident and fracture a major bone. You don’t use that cast the rest of your life. You use it until your bone is healed. The REAL tragedy is that most of the drug companies do NOT view antidepressants this way. There are enormous marketing efforts to classify normal behavior as aberrant or diseased, which then requires lifelong therapy with their drug solution.

Antidepressants are NOT the Solution for High Blood Pressure

In recent years it has become more or less standard practice to prescribe an antidepressant along with a drug to lower blood pressure—regardless of whether you walk into your doctor’s office suffering from a major depressive episode or not. They prescribe antidepressants to those with high blood pressure as a “prophylactic,” because the thinking is that high blood pressure is related to stress—which it usually is. However, an antidepressant is NOT the answer to address this type of stress. Most blood pressure elevations are related to insulin resistance and when you lower consumption of grains and sugars and start an appropriate exercise program, your blood pressure tends to rapidly normalize because you are treating the cause and not using a drug band aid to treat the symptoms. This is yet another mis-use of antidepressants that must be curbed! At the very least, if you’re going to take a dangerous drug, the benefits should outweigh the risks, and here that’s most likely not the case…

Who Wants You to Believe You Have Some Type of Mental Illness?

Modern psychiatry has expanded its reach to the point that even the most normal of emotions and mental states now fall under one labeled “disorder” or another. They have been able to cleverly define mental illness themselves with the Diagnostic Statistic Mental disorders. This book is created by members of the American Psychiatric Association. You would think that diseases are put in this book by carefully done scientific trials, but nothing could be further from the truth. Additions and changes to this manual are determined by votes by its members. This categorization is NOT based on science at all. It is well documented that psychiatric drugs in general and antidepressants specifically, are VASTLY mis-prescribed across the board. The over-use and mis-use of these drugs exact a very steep price—your health. If you fall into the category of having been mis-prescribed a psychiatric drug—which today is more the norm than the exception—please understand that there are far better, safer options. And for those of you who are taking a properly prescribed drug, based on appropriate diagnosis of a mental illness, just be aware of what the potential side effects are, so that you can avoid more serious illness. By making key lifestyle changes you may be able to counteract some of the most devastating side effects, allowing you to maintain better health… A perfect example would be the recent findings that antidepressants raise your risk of heart disease by thickening your artery walls, as reported by the Los Angeles Times. If you’re on a drug that increases your risk of heart disease, and you absolutely NEED that drug, wouldn’t it at least be helpful to understand how you can ameliorate that risk through diet and other lifestyle interventions?

So What are the Safe and Effective Alternatives?

I would strongly suggest looking at the causes of depression that I mentioned at the beginning of this article. You can use my free comprehensive plan to work your way up to the advanced program. Additionally, it will be vital to address any underlying emotional issues. An example of the latter includes the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT), which we use in our clinic with great success. Anyone can learn to apply EFT to themselves, even a young child. However do NOT attempt to treat yourself for depression. It is important to see a qualified EFT therapist in this case. Although you can learn how to do EFT in a few minutes it takes many years of training to apply it effectively. The best therapists are typically those with conventional psychological training who have studied this in addition to conventional methods. Remember depression can be a terminal illness as it can lead to suicide so one needs to be very careful. This is why I recommend only using a highly trained therapist to help you resolve depression. There are times where hospital admission may be necessary to prevent a suicide attempt and untrained therapists will not be able to discern this danger. If the first therapist can’t help you, I recommend seeking out another. Getting a second opinion is pretty standard when it comes to medicine, and this is no different. The connection between you and your doctor or therapist can have a great influence on the success of your treatment or therapy. EFT, as opposed to drugs and supplements, hits at the root of the problem—even if you don’t know exactly what that is. This is the beauty of energy medicine in general.

Important Concluding Thoughts — Please Read!

I want to make something abundantly clear before I leave you. I know firsthand that depression is devastating. It takes a toll on the healthiest of families and can destroy lifelong friendships. Few things are harder in life than watching someone you love lose their sense of joy, hope, and purpose in life, and wonder if they will ever find it again. And to not have anything within your power that can change things for them. You wonder if you will ever have your loved one “back” again. It’s impossible to impart the will to live to somebody who no longer possesses it. No amount of logic, reasoning, or reminders about all they have to live for will put a smile back on the face of a loved one masked by the black cloud of depression. Oftentimes you cannot change your circumstances. You can, however, change your response to them. I encourage you to be balanced in your life. Don’t ignore your body’s warning signs that something needs to change. Sometimes people are so busy taking care of everybody else that they lose sight of themselves. There are times when a prescription drug may help restore balance to your body. But it’s unclear whether it is the drug providing benefits, or the unbelievable power of your mind that is convinced it is going to work. If you have been personally affected by depression, my heart goes out to you. A broken body can be easier to fix than a broken mind. Depression is real. It is my hope that you don’t feel judged here, but that you are encouraged and inspired by those who have been there.

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/05/03/tips-to-avoiding-depression.aspx",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24481,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

Few things infuriate the medical community more than the health claims for simple vitamin C. The fact that simple vitamin C is as effective or more effective than drugs is information they fight hard against, not wanting the public to know about or believe the many benefits related to vitamin C.

The FDA goes after companies [1] or doctors who make health claims for vitamin C, and doctors can lose their license if they use vitamin C openly in their practice. (See: What happens to medical doctors who administer vitamins to patients? Answer: They lose their licenses! [2]) According to the FDA, vitamin C is not approved as a drug, and therefore it is risky to use it professionally to cure anyone.

This is in spite of the fact that there are well over 200 diseases that vitamin C is effective in treating [3], which has been documented through research, including such distinguished scientists as Linus Pauling who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1954.

So when another study is published from a major university in the United States on vitamin C, this time in its use for ovarian cancer patients, you can be sure it will cause a lot of contention in the medical field. We probably have Dr. Jeanne Drisko, M.D., director of the Integrative Medicine program at the University of Kansas to thank for getting this study published.

Researchers establish benefits of high-dose vitamin C for ovarian cancer patients

by C.J. Janovy [4]

Kansas University Medical Center [4]

Excerpts:

Scientists at the University of Kansas Medical Center have determined that high doses of vitamin C, administered intravenously with traditional chemotherapy, helped kill cancer cells while reducing the toxic effects of chemotherapy for some cancer patients.

By evaluating the therapy in cells, animals, and humans, the researchers found that a combination of infused vitamin C and the conventional chemotherapy drugs carboplatin and paclitaxel stopped ovarian cancer in the laboratory, and reduced chemotherapy-associated toxicity in patients with ovarian cancer. The results of their study have been published in the journal Science Translational Medicine.

“In the 1970s, ascorbate, or vitamin C, was an unorthodox therapy for cancer. It was safe, and there were anecdotal reports of its clinical effectiveness when given intravenously. But after oral doses proved ineffective in two cancer clinical trials, conventional oncologists abandoned the idea. Physicians practicing complementary and alternative medicine continued to use it, so we felt further study was in order,” explains the study’s senior author, Qi Chen, Ph.D., Assistant Professor in KU Medical Center’s Department of Pharmacology, Toxicology and Therapeutics and the Department of Integrative Medicine. “What we’ve discovered is that, because of its pharmacokinetic differences, intravenous vitamin C, as opposed to oral vitamin C, kills some cancer cells without harming normal tissues.”

The researchers’ clinical trial involved 27 patients with newly diagnosed Stage 3 or Stage 4 ovarian cancer. All of the participants received conventional therapy with paclitaxel or carboplatin, while some were also treated with high-dose intravenous vitamin C. Researchers monitored the participants for five years. Those patients who received vitamin C tended to experience fewer toxic effects from the chemotherapy drugs.

In laboratory rodents, the scientists observed that vitamin C was able to kill cancer cells at the concentrations achievable only by intravenous infusion, with no observable toxicity or pathological changes in the liver, kidney or spleen.

High-dose vitamin C is currently administered intravenously to thousands of patients by practitioners of complementary and alternative medicine. However, Drisko notes, conventional physicians remain skeptical about its therapeutic benefits. Given this current polarization of thought, the researchers sought to understand the cellular mechanisms by which pharmacologic vitamin C manifests its therapeutic benefit in cancer.

Read the Full Article Here [4].

See Also:

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.

Read We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies on your mobile device! FREE! – $$0.99 [7]

Global Censorship of Health Information

The Politics of Controlling Therapeutic Information to Protect State-Sponsored Drug Monopolies

[9]

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping available! [9]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24908,"Alliance for Natural Health

If government is going to act as a scientific arbiter, it needs to have clean hands. That means getting private commercial interests out of the decision-making process. In this week’s vitamin D update, we discussed the glaring conflict of interest in the recent IOM report on vitamin D. Unfortunately this is […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33200,"During his tenure as a Florida judge, Doug Bench had sent 311 marijuana users to jail. He was sure he was doing the right thing then, though now he acknowledges his remorse knowing that some of them were probably using weed medically. Judge Bench was diagnosed with late stage COPD and told by a pulmonologist that his condition would worsen even with treatments and his life expectancy would be 20 to 30 months. His wife went online and began researching while Doug was barely tolerating the medications he had been prescribed. Ms. Bench’s research at first wound up with her preparing essential oil solutions that had some minor positive effects on his breathing and ability to sleep, but not nearly enough. Then she came up with yet another unnamed essential oil. Doug demanded to know what it was before he tried it. Then she confessed, she had gone to Colorado, where they own a ranch, and purchased cannabis oil. Doug vehemently refused at first, but finally gave in and tried it when she threatened to leave him. He was surprised and amazed at the early rapid resulting lung improvements by taking only a drop of the oil under his tongue nightly. Now Judge Bench’s COPD is at least in remission and he is a Florida medical marijuana advocate equipped with the true history of cannabis suppression.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32457,"By Dr. Mercola

According to public health doctors and a medical trade association representing U.S. pediatricians, poor children in developing countries should continue to get vaccines containing the mercury preservative, thimerosal, because providing these children with mercury-free vaccines “would devastate public health efforts in developing countries,” the New York Times reports.1

The defense for keeping thimerosal in vaccines was published in a medical journal and commentaries authored by Drs. Walter Orenstein, Louis Cooper, Samuel Katz et al was widely promoted in the media by Dr. Paul Offit and others supporting the “pro-mercury” stance officially endorsed by the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP).

The article and commentaries, published in the journal Pediatrics,2 were written in response to consumer calls for thimerosal removal to be included in a United Nations Environmental Program’s (UNEP) global treaty to reduce mercury pollution and protect human health. The binding treaty calls for the global reduction or banning of certain mercury-containing products and exposures.

Dental amalgams, which contain mercury, are included in the treaty, but thimerosal was removed from the product list during the beginning of the treaty development process. Advocacy groups like SAFEMINDS and Co-Med have been working to add thimerosal removal from vaccines back in to the treaty.

Interestingly, the AAP has been inaccurately publicizing the idea that a thimerosal ban is, in fact, part of the treaty in order to have an excuse to globally defend the safety of mercury preservatives in vaccines.

According to U.S. News Health:3

“The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) joins the World Health Organization (WHO) in urging the U.N. to drop the proposal from an international treaty seeking to cut down on mercury exposures in a variety of ways. Both the WHO and AAP say a thimerosal ban could keep children in poor nations from getting needed vaccines.”

Thimerosal—Is it Really Worth the Risk?

Thimerosal (TMS), which is used in vaccines as a preservative, is 49.6 percent ethylmercury (eHg). The compound was removed from most pediatric vaccines in 2001, but it’s still used in some multi-dose vials, and is present in many seasonal flu vaccines. (Pregnant women and children are generally advised to request thimerosal-free flu vaccines.)

It is already an established fact that exposure to mercury can cause immune, sensory, neurological, motor, and behavioral disorders. But many doctors and health officials are still refusing to admit that ethylmercury may cause harm, stating that there’s no evidence for such fears, and that ethylmercury is harmless compared to methylmercury—the form typically found in contaminated fish.

Dr. Paul Offit, chief of infectious diseases at Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, claims that the U.S. government’s 1999 directive to drug companies to remove thimerosal from pediatric vaccines was not based on scientific evidence of harm, but rather was simply done as a precautionary measure until researchers could learn more about thimerosal health effects. He goes so far as to call the removal of thimerosal in the US “a mistake,” and one that should not be repeated globally.

According to U.S. News Health:

“Numerous international studies since have uncovered no evidence of harm—including no link between thimerosal and autism, which had been a concern. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says there is ‘no convincing evidence of harm caused by the low doses of thimerosal in vaccines. …Developing nations rely on vaccines containing thimerosal, Orenstein said. The preservative is used in vials that contain more than one dose of a vaccine, to prevent contamination, which can happen when a syringe needle is inserted into the vial. Rich countries such as the United States can get around the need for thimerosal by using single-dose vials. But for poor countries, multi-dose vials make vaccination programs more feasible, Orenstein explained.'”

Barbara Loe Fisher, co-founder and president of the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), strongly disagrees with the AAP’s stance, and so do I. She points out that the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have not rescinded their 1999 directive to the pharmaceutical industry to take thimerosal out of childhood vaccines.

“If unused vials of thimerosal-containing vaccines must be disposed of as hazardous waste because of the mercury content, then why is the American Academy of Pediatrics strongly advocating that thimerosal-containing vaccines continue to be injected into children’s bodies?” she asks.4

SAFEMINDS has been working to urge the UN treaty group to include thimerosal in the treaty so that mercury containing vaccines will be phased out around the world. The Coalition for Mercury-Free Drugs has also weighed in by issuing an open letter to UNEP.5 The group disputes the assertion that scientific studies has proven thimerosal safe, and urge the Program to include thimerosal in the global ban. They also point out that including thimerosal in vaccines given to children in poor developing nations, but not in developed countries, is “an injustice that characterizes this most iatrogenic of toxic exposures.”

“In an era when cost-effective, much less toxic, non-bioaccumulative, and more effective alternatives are available and in-use as in-process sanitizers and preservatives, there is no conscionable justification for the continuing presence of thimerosal in human pharmaceuticals,” the letter states.

More Vaccines = Worse Health Outcomes, Groundbreaking Study Finds

While concerns about thimerosal are valid, it’s by no means the only vaccine ingredient or factor that can make childhood vaccinations a risky proposition. Even more important is the issue of use of too many vaccines in general, and the routine administration of multiple vaccines simultaneously during one doctor’s visit.

Vaccine safety advocates have long called for studies evaluating the health outcomes of vaccinated versus unvaccinated children. One study addressing this issue recently has been published. The NVIC donated $$2,500 to make the full study available to the public free of charge. The study, Relative trends in hospitalizations and mortality among infants by the number of vaccine doses and age, based on the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), 1990–20106 found a positive correlation between the number of vaccine doses administered and the percentage of hospitalizations and infant deaths:

Hospitalization rate increased linearly from 11.0 percent for 2 doses to 23.5 percent for 8 doses

Hospitalization rate decreased linearly from 20.1 percent for children aged <0.1 year to 10.7 percent for children aged 0.9 year

Mortality rate for 1-4 vaccine doses was 3.6 percent

Mortality rate for 5-8 vaccine doses rose to 5.5 percent

A disproportionate number of hospitalizations were due to the administration of the at-birth dose of the hepatitis B vaccination (73 percent of VAERS cases reported the receipt of hepatitis B vaccine, and 30 percent of these required hospitalization)

According to the authors:7

“In 1990, infants received a total of 15 vaccine doses prior to their first year of life: 3 DPT injections (9 vaccine doses), 3 polio, and 3 Hib vaccines—5 vaccine doses at 2, 4, and 6 months of age. By 2007, the CDC recommended 26 vaccine doses for infants: 3 DTaP, 3 polio, 3 Hib, 3 hepatitis B, 3 pneumococcal, 3 rotavirus, and 2 influenza vaccines. While each childhood vaccine has individually undergone clinical trials to assess safety, studies have not been conducted to determine the safety (or efficacy) of combining vaccines during a single physician visit as recommended by CDC guidelines. For example, 2-, 4-, and 6-month-old infants are expected to receive vaccines for polio, hepatitis B, diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, rotavirus, Haemophilus influenzae type B, and pneumococcal, all during a single well-baby visit—even though this combination of 8 vaccine doses was never tested in clinical trials. …Administering six, seven, or eight vaccine doses to an infant during a single physician visit may certainly be more convenient for parents—rather than making additional trips to the doctor’s office—but evidence of a positive association between infant adverse reactions and the number of vaccine doses administered confirms that vaccine safety must remain the highest priority. … Since vaccines are administered to millions of infants every year, it is imperative that health authorities have scientific data from synergistic toxicity studies on all combinations of vaccines that infants are likely to receive; universal vaccine recommendations must be supported by such studies.”

Findings in Girl Who Died After Receiving Gardasil Vaccine Now Released

In related vaccine news, a lab scientist, who discovered HPV DNA fragments in the blood of a teenage girl who died after receiving the Gardasil vaccine, has published a case report in the peer reviewed journal Advances in Bioscience and Biotechnology.8 The otherwise healthy girl died in her sleep six months after receiving her third and final dose of the HPV vaccine. A full autopsy revealed no cause of death.

Sin Hang Lee with the Milford Molecular Laboratory in Connecticut confirmed the presence of HPV-16 L1 gene DNA in the girl’s postmortem blood and spleen tissue. These DNA fragments are also found in the vaccine. The fragments were protected from degradation by binding firmly to the particulate aluminum adjuvant used in the vaccine.

“The significance of these HPV DNA fragments of a vaccine origin found in post-mortem materials is not clear and warrants further investigation,” he writes.

However, Lee suggests the presence of vaccine-associated HPV DNA fragments might offer a plausible explanation for the high immunogenicity of Gardasil, meaning the ability of the vaccine to provoke an exaggerated immune response. He points out that the rate of anaphylaxis in girls receiving Gardasil is far higher than normal—reportedly five to 20 times higher than any other school-based vaccination program. Other health problems associated with Gardasil vaccine include immune-based inflammatory neurodegenerative disorders, also indicative that something is causing the immune system to overreact in a detrimental way. Between June 1, 2006 and December 31, 2008, there were 12,424 reported adverse events following Gardasil vaccination, including 32 deaths. The girls, who were on average 18 years old, died within 2 to 405 days after their last Gardasil injection.

“No investigative work was attempted to confirm or exclude any link of a death to Gardasil vaccination although there was disproportional reporting of syncope [fainting] among the Gardasil recipients,” he notes.

Since then, many more have died.

Between May 2009 and September 2010, 16 deaths after Gardasil vaccination were reported. For that timeframe, there were also 789 reports of “serious” Gardasil adverse reactions, including 213 cases of permanent disability and 25 diagnosed cases of Guillain-Barre Syndrome

Between September 1, 2010 and September 15, 2011, another 26 deaths were reported following HPV vaccination

Under Attack, NVIC Helps Americans Stand Up and Speak Out

There can be no doubt that we are in urgent need of a serious vaccine safety review in the US. Quality science is simply not being done. And very few vaccine recommendations, which prop up state vaccine mandates, stand on firm scientific ground.

I urge you to make 2013 the year that you engage and get actively involved in the monumentally important task of defending YOUR right to know and freedom to choose which vaccines you and your child will use. Supporting the NVIC is one way you can help.

In a recent update, Barbara Loe Fisher writes:9

“In 2013, the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) enters our fourth decade of preventing vaccine injuries and deaths through public education and defending the legal right to make voluntary vaccination decisions in America. Each year during the past 30, NVIC has become more successful in achieving our mission. With that success has come more fierce opposition by politically powerful medical trade associations and special interest groups allied with drug companies doing everything they can to censor truthful vaccine information and strip vaccine informed consent protections from public health laws. At a recent federal advisory committee meeting, we learned that public opinion surveys reveal that NVIC ranks as one of the most trusted sources of vaccine information among Americans, who choose to vaccinate, and also among those, who do not. This means that our small charity and the well-referenced information on our website at NVIC.org is helping to inform the health decisions made by millions of Americans. This is a huge accomplishment and it would not have been possible without 30 years of loyal support by tens of thousands of parents, grandparents, doctors, nurses and students coming from every single state and every walk of life, who offer donations to NVIC every year. No Liability for Drug Companies & Doctors A lot of people still don’t realize that Congress and the U.S. Supreme Court have completely shielded drug companies and doctors in America from product liability and malpractice lawsuits when vaccines injure or kill someone. But pharmaceutical corporations and medical trade groups are not satisfied with total liability protection and no accountability. They also want the power to legally force 310 million Americans to buy and use every single vaccine that Big Pharma produces and public health doctors endorse – no exceptions. NVIC Attacked for Defending Informed Consent Rights NVIC and our uncompromising defense of informed consent to medical risk taking, including vaccine risk taking, has stood in their way for 30 years. And that is one reason why we are witnessing vicious assaults on NVIC and courageous Americans in every state, who are trying to protect their right to know and freedom to choose how they and their children will stay well. At this time last year, NVIC was the subject of a smear campaign led by American Academy of Pediatrics officials, who put pressure on Delta Airlines in a failed attempt to remove an NVIC-sponsored flu prevention video from inflight health programming. A month later, another online disinformation campaign about NVIC was launched by forced vaccination proponents to get a 15-second NVIC-sponsored digital ad taken down from Times Square. It failed and our vaccine risk awareness message was broadcast throughout the holiday season and on New Year’s Eve. Big Pharma & Doctor Groups Lobby to Eliminate Vaccine Exemptions And this year, drug company and medical trade association lobbyists tried to persuade legislators in Vermont and California to remove philosophical and personal belief exemptions to vaccination from public health laws. But we fought back in both states, using our free online NVIC Advocacy Portal to empower citizens to quickly organize and electronically stay connected to their legislators and up-to-date on breaking news. Next year, NVIC will face more censorship and well-orchestrated, well-funded assaults on vaccine exemptions in multiple states. Our parental, civil and human rights in America are in grave jeopardy. All you have to do is read the heartbreaking descriptions posted on the Cry forVaccine Freedom Wall at NVIC.org to understand how bad it is. Health Care Workers Being Fired Children are being denied medical care if parents ask pediatricians questions about vaccines or object to a baby being injected with eight to ten different vaccines on one day. Health care workers are being threatened and fired if they don’t get an annual flu shot. This is what one nurse posted on the Vaccine Freedom Wall: ‘I have taken the flu shot in the past and had body aches for weeks afterward. I started educating myself on vaccines and haven’t taken a flu shot in years. I am a nurse and love my job. I take every precaution in the interest of my patients, utilize hand washing, etc. I found out at a meeting yesterday that our organization’s policy has changed and that I will have to take the flu shot or be terminated from employment. I am at a crossroads and am actually thinking about leaving a job that I love because I feel so strongly about my personal freedom.’ No Vaccinations? No Prescription Medications. Americans needing public assistance are being coerced into getting many vaccines against their will or be cut off from prescription medications. This is what one American suffering financial hardship had to say: ‘During this past recession, I had to seek medical care from the county public health program. I had high blood pressure, probably due to stress. My last and final visit to that place was to refill the [blood pressure] prescription, which was denied until I allowed myself to be injected with three vaccines: tetanus, flu and pneumococcal. At first I refused but finally consented because I was afraid of what would happen if I suddenly stopped taking the medicine. I was sick for nine days after receiving those shots. Being forced to accept vaccines under duress as an adult is a horrible feeling, a sense of loss of freedom. Using coercion by withholding medication is just plain evil.’ No Vaccinations? No Medicare Benefits The elderly are being bullied, too. A couple on Medicare described their frightening experience: ‘My wife and I are in our mid-sixties and on Medicare. We saw our primary care physician today for a routine ‘well care’ visit and were shocked to hear what our physician for over 26 years had to tell us! The doctor made it clear that he was referring to ‘new’ [federal health care program] mandates that, if we did not voluntarily receive the pneumonia vaccine, we would be terminated from his practice! My wife and I have never felt so violated.’ Doctors Pushing More Vaccines on Vaccine Injured Children Even parents of vaccine injured children are being pressured to give their children more vaccines because many liability-free doctors now feel comfortable taking a risky, one-size-fits-all approach to vaccination. Mothers are fighting back and are warning others that doctors are behaving badly and that vaccine exemptions must be protected at all costs. One mother said: ‘My daughter is a proven vaccine injury of the pertussis vaccine. I urge people to please help to defend the personal belief exemption. My child almost died from vaccines and there are doctors, even most recently a neurologist whom we visited in California, who suggested that we continue the very vaccine that almost took her life. Our daughter suffered an encephalopathy, rare seizures, global developmental delays, speech delays. She is eight years old and crawls. She can’t walk or ambulate alone. She has multiple chemical disorder and it causes her to have seizures. She is unable to attend public schools and we no longer have health insurance and no job, due to what this vaccine damage has taken from our family. If you think doctors are going to sign the [personal belief] exemption, you are wrong. They won’t.’ This Mom knows first-hand that vaccine risks are greater for some than others and that, at our peril, do we give up our freedom to make personalized vaccine decisions for ourselves and our children. Help NVIC Help Americans Stand Up & Speak Out There is no time to waste. Now, more than ever, NVIC needs the financial resources to educate more Americans about vaccination and health and help citizens protect vaccine exemptions in the states. Please visit NVIC.org and offer a donation – big or small – to help NVIC continue to defend parental, civil and human rights in America. What you choose to do today WILL determine what happens to you, your children, your grandchildren and everyone you love tomorrow.”

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/02/26/aap-opposes-thimerosal-ban.aspx

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22008,"By Theresa Wrangham

NVIC Executive Director

During the National Vaccine Advisory Committee’s (NVAC) February meeting, American adults were put on notice by Big Brother that non-compliance with federal vaccine recommendations will not be tolerated. Public health officials have unveiled a new plan to launch a massive nationwide vaccination promotion campaign involving private business and non-profit organizations to pressure all adults to comply with the adult vaccination schedule approved by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC). [1]

NVAC has authored the National Adult Immunization Plan (NAIP) and, once finalized, the plan will be turned over to the Interagency Adult Immunization Task Force (AIFT) to create an implementation plan. Notably, this task force is composed of “vested interest” stakeholders and no consumer representation for those groups concerned with vaccine safety and informed consent.

NVIC has submitted our public comments and recommendations for the NVAC’s draft National Adult Immunization Plan. [2] Your opportunity to submit your comments and concerns about this plan has been extended to March 23rd. We encourage all of our readers to participate in the public comment process and submit comments to the NVAC on the NAIP. Please forward this article to family and friends and encourage them to submit public comments, too.

What you need to know – the nutshell

The basis of the NAIP rests on Healthy People 2020 Goals, [3] many of which are arbitrary. [4] The key fact the plan seems to lose sight of in using these goals as its foundation is …THEY ARE GOALS. These goals have no legal authority over your healthcare decisions and are being used by government officials to shape public health policy, which in turn is spurring legal mandates to force you to comply with them. [5]

The adult immunization plan also “incentivizes” doctors and other vaccine providers to convert patient data into Electronic Health Record (EHR) formats that can then be shared across state and federal electronic databases to track national vaccine coverage rates and also track and identify who is and is not vaccinated. Many states already have electronic vaccine tracking registries (Immunization Information Systems – IIS) in place, but do not share this information due to laws preventing the sharing of personal medical information and/or limited vaccination data on adults. This is where financial and other types of incentives come in to convince vaccine providers and state legislators to participate in the gathering of this private medical information on all adults.

Big Government is Partnering with Your Employer, Community & Religious Organizations

The NAIP states that it will take more than providers raising awareness about the adult schedule and encouraging compliance to meet Healthy People 2020 goals. So the NAIP contains objectives that foster partnerships with your employer and your community and religious organizations to make you and all adults get every federally recommended vaccine according to the government-approved schedule.

The NAIP makes it clear that in the future, all American adults will be informed of the recommended adult schedule at every possible opportunity outside the healthcare provider domain. You will be encouraged to comply with the adult schedule not only by your healthcare provider, but also via community-based partnerships to ensure that you have the opportunity to roll up your sleeve at work, school, church and other community gatherings.

NVIC has always supported awareness and access to preventative healthcare options, including access to vaccines for everyone who wants to use them. However, there is a difference between awareness, access, recommendations and mandates. In the past, these types of government vaccine use plans do not just seek to increase awareness and access but also make recommendations that foster vaccine mandates without flexible medical, religious and conscientious belief exemptions that align with the informed consent ethic.

Tracking Vaccination Status Raises Privacy Concerns

Adults should examine this plan carefully because the U.S. Constitution guarantees American citizens the right to privacy. [6] In that context, it is important to understand that the NAIP objectives include electronically harnessing your personal medical information and that of all adults for the purpose of increasing adult vaccine uptake in the U.S. by tracking your vaccination status, with little regard for your privacy. [7]

There is no language in the plan that provides for consumer privacy protections. This is a glaring omission given the acknowledged and known risks for patient data being hacked (security breaches) by malicious outside entities. [8] The plan does not include provisions for raising consumer awareness of their ability to opt out of electronic tracking and patient data sharing schemes. [9] [10]

Closing Vaccine Safety Research Gaps Not Included in Plan

While the NAIP also supports increased reporting to the federal Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) and ongoing analysis of claims submitted to the federal Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP), it is hollow support. For this to be meaningful, stronger language is needed to support closing vaccine safety research gaps highlighted by the Institute of Medicine’s (IOM) series of vaccine safety reports 11 to lessen the number of VICP off-the-table compensation claims.

These off-the-table claims are a direct result of the continued expansion of the numbers of government recommended adult (and childhood) vaccines without the accompanying identification of vaccine side effects and injury outcomes to expand the federal Vaccine Injury Table (VIT) that governs the awarding of vaccine injury compensation. Off-the-table adult vaccine injury claims now represent the majority of claims12 filed with the VICP and the compensation process has become highly adversarial and costly.

As NVIC President Barbara Loe Fisher stated at the U.S. Health Freedom Congress last year when pointing out that responses to vaccines and infectious diseases are individual:

We do not all respond the same way to infectious diseases [13] and we do not all respond the same way to pharmaceutical products like vaccines. [14] [15] [16] [17] Public health laws that fail to respect biodiversity and force everyone to be treated the same are unethical and dangerous.

The NAIP fails to acknowledge these facts.

Compliance at the Expense of Bodily Autonomy

Vaccine mandates are made at a state level and the NAIP is a federal vaccine use promotion plan that is has no legal authority to turn government vaccine use recommendations into vaccine use mandates.

However, much like the recommendations made by NVAC a few years ago for healthcare workers to receive annual flu shots, [18] these recommendations are likely to result in future de facto vaccine mandates for adults, whether through employer requirements, [19] or actual state laws. Given the introduction of legislation [20] this year in many states to remove non-medical vaccine exemptions and restrict medical exemptions for school age children in an effort to force parents to comply with the CDC’s recommended childhood vaccine schedule, there is little doubt that that the NVAC’s latest plan will result in similar actions to force adults to use all federally recommended vaccines.

One only has to read stories posted NVIC’s Cry For Vaccine Freedom Wall by healthcare workers who have refused flu shots and are being fired from their jobs to understand the threat posed by the NAIP. Is your profession next? The short answer is yes.

Make no mistake about this plan’s intent, if “awareness” efforts and “incentivization” of vaccine policy do not increase adult vaccine uptake, the partnering with your employer and other community groups is meant to lower the hammer and force you to comply. The electronic tracking systems that are enthusiastically being embraced by not only the federal government but also state governments and employers, without regard for your privacy, will be used to identify noncompliers.

Informed Consent Freedom at Risk

If you haven’t read Dr. Suzanne Humphries’ book Dissolving Illusions, [21] you may not realize that history is about to repeat itself. Government enforced vaccination through identification and door-to-door efforts to make everyone comply, like was seen with smallpox vaccination campaigns a century ago, is a real possibility again in America. Only this time it won’t just be about one vaccine – it will be about a lot of vaccines you will be forced to get.

The noose being tightened around the necks of our children is being thrown over the necks of adults as well. The tightening of that noose is growing daily in an attempt to strangle vaccine freedom of choice by eradicating the ethical principle of informed consent.

Adults and their children are being asked to accept a one-size-fits-all vaccine schedule that does not allow for the ability to delay or decline one or more vaccines for religious and conscientious beliefs. This is very dangerous when the medical exemption has been narrowed by government so that almost no health condition qualifies for a medical exemption anymore. Families already personally impacted by vaccine reactions, injuries and deaths will be faced with more loss, including their financial stability if they are forced to be revaccinated.

The human right to protect bodily integrity and autonomy – the core value of the informed consent ethic – is at stake.

This battle is not about an anti- or pro- vaccine position. It is a battle over freedom, values and beliefs. [22] What is at risk is your ability as a parent and individual to decide what medical risks you are willing to accept and vaccination is the forefront of this battle.

For over three decades NVIC has supported informed consent protections in all U.S. vaccine laws and policies, which means that parents and individuals must receive full and accurate information on vaccine risks and benefits and retain the right to make voluntary decisions to accept, delay or decline one or more vaccines without being sanctioned for they decision they make.

What You Can Do Today – Get Involved!

Your rights are being eroded and vaccine exemptions are under aggressive attack in many states. NVIC will continue to advocate for your freedom as we have done for over 30 years, but this battle will not be won without your voice and action.

Submit your comments on the NAIP by March 23rd to the National Vaccine Advisory Committee and forward this article to your friends and family. (NVIC NOTE 3/20/15: We have become aware that the NVAC’s representative assigned to receive your comments email account is autoresponding that she is out of the office until the 25th. NVIC has contacted the National Vaccine Program Office and has been assured that comments sent by the 23rd are being collected and forwarded to the NVAC for their consideration. Please ignore the autoresponder – your comments are getting through and will be a part of the record. Many thanks to everyone for making us aware of this situation and for sending in comments on the NAIP! Keep sending in those comments!)

Most importantly, register and encourage others to register on NVIC’s Advocacy Portal today and join with other concerned Americans to protect informed consent rights. This resource is free and will keep you informed on legislative actions underway in your state, provide guidance on what action to take, and connect you with your legislators.

There is no time to waste. Please do not wait for someone else to do this…that someone is you and you can make a difference!

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com

References

5 CDC. Vaccines and Immunizations. State Immunization Laws for Healthcare Workers and Patients. Nov. 19, 2014.

13 Hill AVS. Genetics and Genomics of Infectious Disease Susceptibility. British Medical Bulletin 1999; 55(2): 401-413.

14 Kinman TG, Vandebriel RJ, Hoebee B. Genetic variation in the response to vaccination. Community Genet 2007; 10(4): 201-217.

15 Lemaire D, Barbosa T, Rihet P. Coping with genetic diversity: the contribution of pathogen and human genomics to modern vaccinology. Braz J Med Biol Res 2012; 45(5): 376-385.

16 Institute of Medicine Committee to Review Adverse Effects of Vaccines. Adverse Effects of Vaccinations: Evidence and Causality. Evaluating Biological Mechanisms of Adverse Events: Increased Susceptibility. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press 2012.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21933,"One of the important and counterintuitive insights that C.S. Lewis offered was his observation that far from encouraging skepticism, the mention of ""science"" can call forth a perilous gullibility, not least from educated, intelligent people who should know better. Healthy skepticism is a cornerstone of the scientific process. Knowledge is advanced and new discoveries are made by challenging scientific results and testing alternative hypotheses. Lewis recognized, though, that science can also promote an uncritical acceptance of views that are said to be backed by science or wrapped in science-y language. In Lewis's time, most scientists supported eugenics, or the belief that the gene pool of humans should be improved, and they argued that their views were supported by science. These views led to policies such as forced sterilization of those deemed to be of less worth, such as criminals and the handicapped. These policies were not only popular in authoritarian regimes like Nazi Germany, but in democracies such as the United States and England. Anyone who opposed what the vast majority of scientists were saying must be ""anti-science,"" it was argued. So what has changed since then? Are we supposed to believe that just a century ago, elite opinion in science and in the culture at large was so terribly fallible and vulnerable to being misled by prejudice -- yet today, it cannot err?",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21980,"Should laws be put into place to remove religious and philosophical exemptions to vaccines, and only allow ""medical exemptions"" to vaccines? If you or your child are sick at the time of vaccination with a fever or on antibiotics, there is no medical vaccine exemption for you. If you are a pregnant health care worker and do not want to get a flu shot while you are pregnant because you do not want to risk a miscarriage, no medical vaccine exemption for you. If your child was injured or died after vaccination and you want to protect your other children from vaccine injury, no medical vaccine exemption for your children. If your baby was born prematurely and is low weight and struggling to survive, no medical vaccine exemption for your infant. For all practical purposes, the Centers for Disease Control and medical trade organizations now direct pediatricians and other vaccinators to deny the medical vaccine exemption to 99.99 percent of Americans. If you want the legal right to freely exercise conscience and protect your bodily integrity or that of your child when it comes to vaccine risk-taking, if you do not want to wake up one day and be forced to play vaccine roulette when you have good reason to conclude that you or your child are at high risk for suffering vaccine harm, you need to act now. You can be sure that the odds definitely will not be in your favor when it comes to finding a doctor to grant you a medical vaccine exemption.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33327,"Help Save This Natural Painkiller!

by Alliance for Natural Health – USA

Two bills have been introduced to protect consumer access to cannabidiol (CBD). They need our support. Action Alert!

We have a growing opioid painkiller epidemic in this country—one that has followed the scandal of so many heart-health-destroying or cancer-causing pain relievers being approved by the FDA. There is a natural alternative, and of course the government is intent on banning it for no reason at all—other than to clear the way for a blockbuster new drug.

Rep. Morgan Griffith (R-VA) has introduced two bills, the Legitimate Use of Medical Marijuana Act (HR 714) and the Compassionate Access Act (HR 715), both aimed at removing federal obstacles that prevent patient access to CBD, a medicinal extract of the marijuana plant.

These bills follow a recent move by the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) that classified marijuana and all its extracts as Schedule I controlled substances—a category that includes heroin, LSD, mescaline, and MDMA. Note that none of the CBD extracts contains significant amounts of the psychoactive chemical in marijuana—only the non-psychoactive painkilling chemicals.

Although “CBD” or “cannibinoids” are not mentioned in the Controlled Substances Act (CSA)—the legislation that the DEA must follow in creating rules related to controlled substances—the agency nonetheless lumps CBD and all other constituents of the plant into the definition of “marijuana.”

The Compassionate Access Act instructs the Department of Health and Human Services to recommend that the DEA reschedule marijuana. The bill also amends the CSA’s definition of marijuana to explicitly exclude CBD, and prevents federal officials from interfering with states that have allowed CBD for medical use.

The Legitimate Use of Medical Marijuana Act does many of the same things but specifically reschedules marijuana to Schedule II.

As we reported previously, Schedule I substances are not recognized as having ANY medicinal benefit. Yet there are thousands of published scientific studies on CBD and its beneficial health effects on pain, inflammation, seizures, rheumatoid arthritis, and other inflammatory conditions. Adding to the hypocrisy, the US government holds a patent on CBD that covers the use of CBD to protect the brain from degeneration—specifically, the patent says that “cannabinoids are found to have particular application as neuroprotectants,” limiting neurological damage following ischemic attacks such as stroke and trauma, or in the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and HIV dementia.

Why is this happening? The DEA claims that its recent action was merely a housekeeping matter—it assigned marijuana extracts a code for the purpose of tracking scientific studies of those compounds separately from marijuana. In the DEA’s view, CBD was always a Schedule I substance, and nothing has changed.

But there have already been consequences. A hemp beer was reportedly approved by the feds, but the decision was reversed when CBD was assigned a DEA drug code. Family businesses that have marketed natural products made from CBD oil for years must contemplate shuttering their operations, lest they be confused by the government for heroin or LSD dealers.

The feds are likely clearing the market of natural CBD in preparation for a CBD drug currently in Phase III trials. If so, those who rely on CBD to control pain or seizures will likely see the price of CBD skyrocket if the drug gets FDA approval.

We’ve seen this happen before. The FDA attacked brain health supplements like vinpocetine as a major Alzheimer’s drug from Eli Lilly was in Phase III trials—only to fail spectacularly, as have other Alzheimer’s drugs in recent months. A similar playbook was used against the amino acid tryptophan before the first SSRI antidepressant drug came on the market. We cannot let it happen to CBD.

Action Alert! Write to your representative and urge him or her to support HR 714 and HR 715, and ensure consumer access to CBD! Please send your message immediately.

Read the full article at ANH-USA.org.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24241,"[1]

by Food and Water Watch [2]

If you were buying chocolate milk, would you think to check the ingredients for artificial sweeteners like aspartame?

I wouldn’t have, until I found out that the dairy industry wants to change the legal definition of milk (along with 17 other dairy products) to allow it to include aspartame and other artificial sweeteners. Can you take action to make sure that milk can only be called milk if it doesn’t include aspartame? [3]

The dairy industry claim that they’re being good samaritans by adding aspartame in milk to fight childhood obesity, but they’re afraid that consumers, especially kids, won’t buy chocolate milk (or other flavors) if it’s labeled differently than regular chocolate milk.

They’re right to be concerned: a lot of people go out of their way to avoid aspartame for various reasons… but that seems like a good reason to keep our labels clear, not a reason to trick people into buying a product they don’t want! Tell the FDA that changing the definition of milk is just plain misleading. [4]

Right now, if a company puts artificial sweeteners into chocolate milk, they have to label it as “reduced-calorie chocolate milk,” making it clear that there’s a difference between it and sugar-sweetened chocolate milk. The industry would rather just call their product “chocolate milk,” and force whoever is choosing it to read the fine print to figure out what’s in it.

Can you imagine a kid in the school lunch line reading the ingredients on the back of her milk box to figure out if it has aspartame? Urge the FDA to keep the definition of milk as-is, so people won’t be misled about their dairy products. [5]

Don’t let misleading “diet milk” end up in school lunches, or anywhere else:

https://secure3.convio.net/ fww/site/Advocacy?pagename= homepage&page=UserAction&id= 739 [6]

Comments are being taken until next week only!

See Also: Why Aspartame is FAR Worse than High Fructose Corn Syrup [7]

[8]

Free Shipping Available! [8]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21968,"Theme Options for Helping Traditions

Health Impact News

Earlier this month (October 2014) we reported the sad story of the Diegel family, who had their two daughters seized by Phoenix Children’s Hospital for disagreeing with the doctors over their treatment. We have previously reported many similar stories of hospitals using Child Protection Services (CPS) to remove children from loving parents simply for disagreeing with doctors, such as Justina Pelletier at Boston Children’s Hosptial, and Isaiah Rider at Lurie Children’s Hospital in Chicago.

Behind each of these stories is a link to experimental drug trials for the same medical conditions these children were suffering. This prompted a group of lawmakers on Capital Hill to introduce new legislation to stop this kind of medical experimentation on children who are seized from parents and made wards of the state (see: “Justina’s Law” Seeks to End Experimental Medical Research on Children Seized by Child Protection Services).

History of Phoenix Problems in Medical Kidnapping

Since publishing the Diegel family story, Health Impact News has been approached by many families with similar experiences with CPS in Phoenix, and with Phoenix Children’s Hospital. What we have learned in our investigation is truly troubling, and needs to be exposed by the media.

Like Melissa Diegel, who was threatened by family court with a gag order and ordered to take down her Facebook Page and other content documenting her family’s experience, these parents are terrified of coming forward and telling their story. Therefore, many of our sources for this story wish to remain anonymous. Some of them hold important positions within the community in the Phoenix area, but fear retaliation.

What we have learned is that while the problem of medical kidnapping is systemic and present in all 50 states, linked to federal funding for CPS and the foster care business, apparently it is “by far” worse in Arizona than any other state. One source said:

We have upwards of 15,000 kids in and out of home placement. It is a billion dollar business and more when the judges, lawyers, guardian ad litems, experts, cps case managers, cps administration, hospitals, physicians, foster parents, and court appointed attorneys are included. It is not uncommon for a hospital to bill AHCCCS (Medicaid) a million dollars a year on one child.

First, there are a many stories of medical kidnapping in Phoenix that are publicly available. We will highlight a few of the many.

Escape to Mexico to Avoid Medical Kidnapping

In a 2012 story that was covered in the national mainstream media, Norma and Luis Bracamontes’ 11-year daughter, who had been diagnosed with leukemia, was being treated at Phoenix Children’s Hospital (PCH). But while she was in the hospital, she developed a serious infection in her arm that caused her arm to be amputated. The parents became very concerned about the kind of treatment she was receiving, especially when doctors inserted a catheter into her heart.

However, PCH would not allow the parents to take their daughter to another hospital. So in an action that was captured on the hospital’s security camera and broadcast to the whole country via the mainstream media, Norma took her daughter into a bathroom, removed her IV, and walked out of the hospital with her daughter. You can watch the original report on NBCLatino here.

Phoenix police searched for the girl and her mother, stating that the girl’s life was in extreme danger, and that she would die if she was not returned to the hospital.

However, the parents stated just the opposite. They stated the hospital was already responsible for her losing her arm, and they were concerned their daughter’s life was in extreme danger if they continued to allow PCH to hold their daughter. So they escaped to Mexico.

Once safe in Mexico, the mother and daughter appeared to the media to prove that the daughter was safe, and that she was getting better in the care of her Mexican doctors. You can watch the interview on the Today Show here. They were also interviewed by the local media on KSWT News 13 here, where the mother explains that PCH would not release the daughter unless she applied for health insurance.

The parents action, while quite possibly saving the child’s life, resulted in them becoming criminals and fugitives in Phoenix, as local police there say they face arrest for “child endangerment and abuse.”

Using Psychological Diagnosis of Parent to Seize Children

In a report covered by 3TV in Phoenix in 2012, Rachel Sparks had her son snatched right from her arms from CPS due to a psychological diagnosis and drugs her doctor had prescribed to her. Her doctor made a mistake in prescribing a dose too high, which landed her in the hospital. She was alleged to be unfit to care for her autistic son, so they took him away from her. Her son became suicidal in foster care, missing his mother so much.

There was no evidence of Rachel abusing or not being able to care for her children. So when months turned into years, 3TV in Phoenix got involved. They uncovered internal documents with the CPS showing that a team of specialists wrote: “There are no risk factors at this time as client has met her goals above and beyond showing strength and stability in safe parenting.” Yet, he was not returned until a year and half later, after an attorney picked up the case pro bono and obtained a court order to have him returned.

For Sparks, it has been a long and painful journey. “It’s scary – I’m still scared,” she said. “Not that I’ve done anything wrong but that this can happen to regular people.” Still Sparks says she’s a survivor — and so are her kids. “My kids are my life,” she tells us. “They are the reason I am living.”

Read the full story and watch the video here.

The Arizona 5 – Heal Your Kids Naturally and You Lose Them

To understand some of the rationale behind the medical industry and the development of new drugs, one must understand that modern medicine is dependent to a large extent on the field of genetics. This is the “new frontier” in drugs. Therefore, to present the cure or remedy to a disease based on environmental causes, such as toxins in our environment, is a threat to this theory. It suggests there are natural, not patent-able, non-pharmaceutical solutions outside of the drug industry. (See: Genetics Research Fraud: Your Genes do NOT Determine Your Health.)

When the source of the toxins causing sickness is a pharmaceutical product to begin with, like a vaccine, then there is a double threat to the powerful pharmaceutical industry.

There is probably no field of modern medicine so contentious and so full of fraud as the field of vaccines and autism. (See: Vaccine Scandals and Criminal Cases Increase in 2014.)

In 2010 when a family of five children who were all diagnosed with autism began to see improvement in their children using natural remedies and diet, they had their children taken away from them by CPS at the order of doctors at PCH.

Dr. Andrew Wakefied became aware of the family while giving a lecture in Phoenix in 2010, and became so interested in their case that he wrote a book about them: Waging War on the Autistic Child: The Arizona 5 and the Legacy of Baron von Munchausen (Skyhorse Publishing). Here is an excerpt from the introduction to the book:

As the number of children diagnosed with autism spectrum disorders grows each year, new discoveries and controversies arise. Andrew Wakefield explores many of these in his thorough investigation of the recent trial case of the “Arizona 5,” which destroyed an Arizona family. Two parents, with five children on the spectrum, were accused of Münchausen syndrome by proxy—a rare form of child abuse—and were ganged up on by physicians, child protective services, and the courts, who alleged that the parents fabricated medical symptoms in all five children. However, Wakefield now presents ample evidence that was disregarded and which would have proven the parents’ innocence. Families affected by autism suffer great hardship and prejudice, particularly as they navigate the uncertain waters of diagnosis, treatment, and education. The shocking story of the Arizona 5 family delves into the tremendous challenges some parents have to face, especially if their views on how to treat the syndrome don’t align with the medical world’s standards. Wakefield also includes numerous studies and research trials that support the controversial yet significant roles that vaccines and diet play in autism, factors many medical professionals wrongfully dismiss.

To watch an interview with Dr. Wakefield and family members, go here.

Using the Field of Psychology to Kidnap Children at PCH

In almost every single case of medical kidnapping we have covered here at Health Impact News, a psychologist or psychiatrist is used to justify removing the children from the parents. And this seems to be especially true with PCH as well.

One person from Arizona told us that PCH uses an out-of-state psychologist that is not licensed in Arizona to come in and review cases where children are removed from parents. This is what they told us about the procedure PCH uses to medically kidnap children:

In Arizona when a physician or hospital commits a medical mistake there is a well planned procedural process that takes place immediately. The child is immediately moved to a special room within the hospital. The special room is wired for audio and video with the capacity to pick up sounds and visuals from every angle except the bathroom. The child is recorded 24/7 or until they develop enough circumstantial evidence to make accusations that the mother has done something to or with the child. Then the physicians have the hospital social worker call CPS and state, “it is not in the child’s best interest to return home with the mother as it will impede the child’s recovery”. CPS then comes to the hospital and takes control of the child and the parent is forbidden from seeing the child. Then Dr. Kathryn Coffman who works for the hospital and the doctors that called in to CPS and Brenda Bursch PhD., who subcontracts with the state of Arizona, begin an extensive review of the medical records, “but” not all of the medical records. “Only” medical records that draw a picture that mother possibly did something to the child. This is not evidence but only pure conjecture. The court never is told the true condition of the child. That is hidden and exculpatory evidence is hidden as well. It is my understanding that Brenda Bursch PhD. is on at least 12 cases like this in Arizona. She is an out-of-state psychologist that is not licensed in Arizona but is allowed to practice here for 20 days each year. It is unethical for a psychologist to wear more than one hat on a case. Not so in Arizona! I attempted to file complaints with the California Psychology Board. They sort of snickered and said that she is not doing anything wrong in California so it is none of their concern. I and multiple other parents and citizens filed complaints with the Arizona Psychology Board. The Arizona Attorney General’s Office blocked those complaints saying that she is not licensed in Arizona so they have no jurisdiction. There were at least five complaints that I know of and all were blocked. I am attaching a “white paper” I did to demonstrate the number of hats out-of-state psychologists wear here in Arizona on these cases. The state picks them up at the airport and transports them to their hotel and to and from court proceedings at no charge. (Possibly a gift of state funds and possibly tampering with a witness to draw sympathy or share information.)

Here is a list of inappropriate ways the Arizona Department of Economic Security, Child Protective Services branch, contracts and uses “out-of-state” psychologists:

These “out-of-state” psychologists are not licensed in Arizona.

These “out-of-state” psychologists are not accountable in the state of Arizona to the Arizona Psychology Board.

These “out-of-state” psychologists are not accountable in the state they are licensed in because their valid actions and inappropriate actions happen inside of Arizona and not in their home states.

These “out-of-state” psychologists are not contracted through the normal bidding process.

These “out-of-state” psychologist’s contracts are not available on the Arizona Procurement site and have to be specifically requested.

These “out-of-state” psychologists are not fingerprinted in Arizona or background check by Arizona.

These “out-of-state” psychologists do not have to follow the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) nor the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA); even though it is in their contract with the State of Arizona.

These “out-of-state” psychologists unethically wear more than one “hat” simultaneously; Evaluator Expert Witness Consultant to the Arizona Department of Economic Security, Child Protective Services Consultant to the Arizona Attorney General’s Office Coordinator of Services and Treatment Treatment Consultant Trainer to Providers Consultant to Provider Agencies Providing Services in the same case



CPS workers take these confidential Parent Psychological Evaluations completed by “out-of-state” psychologists and share them with their children, spouses, family members, inmates, and others without the knowledge of the person evaluated or the permission of the person evaluated. Clear violations of ethics, confidentiality and the law.

Governor Jan Brewer’s Role?

In January of 2014 Arizona Govenor Janice Brewer completely abolished the state’s Child Protection Agency via an executive order. In its place, she appointed all funds to be handled by her own representative, Charles Flanagan. Mr. Flangan became the director of the “Division of Child Safety and Family Services.” The reason given for abolishing CPS was that there were 6,500 abuse and neglect cases filed that were not properly investigated.

So now Gov. Brewer has complete control of the agency that is responsible for these medical kidnappings. Is she part of the solution, or part of the problem?

The victims of the system claim she is part of the problem, not the solution. She has allegedly never responded to any of the complaints from families who have requested help after having their children seized by medical authorities via an out-of-state psychologist who is not even licensed in Arizona.

Today, Arizona has by far the highest rate of children removed from their homes and placed in foster care of any other state in the U.S. While most other states in the U.S. are seeing declines in foster care placements, Arizona is seeing the biggest percentage of increase among U.S. states. Over the past decade, Arizona had the second-largest increase in the nation, adding 7,296 children. Texas, with 4 times the population, had the most with 8,294. (Source.)

Children Abducted for Drug Trials?

Some parents, such as Melissa Diegel, have spoken out against what they see are medical experimentations on their children as part of drug trials to develop new drugs. As we have reported previously in our coverage of the Diegel family situation, just prior to the state taking custody of the two Diegel sisters, they were examined by several different doctors at PCH, all in the field of genetics. It was during this time that the girls were diagnosed with “congenital disorder of glycosylation” (CDG).

Unknown to the parents at the time, there was funding and drug trials going on for this rare condition. The glycosylation drug trial through NHGRI/ TGEN opened up on March 14th, 2014, just 3 weeks before the two Phoenix sisters were medically kidnapped.

As we reported above, drug trials and new drug development today are dependent on genetic research. In this area, Arizona is a leader. The new Translational Genomics Research Institute is in downtown Phoenix. You can see the board of directors here, which includes Arizona governor Jan Brewer and Phoenix Mayor Greg Stanton.

In addition, PCH just announced this month that billionaire doctor Patrick Soon-Shiong had joined Phoenix Children’s Hospital to open a new “Groundbreaking Pediatric Genomic Research and Translational Precision Medicine Institute.”

Forbes calls Dr. Soon-Shiong “the richest doctor who ever lived.”

It would seem they need plenty of new patients in pediatrics for drug trials for all this new research to have any “success.”

Parents Terrorized from Speaking Out

As we mentioned earlier, when children are abducted and placed into the foster care system via family court, the parents are threatened, and usually hit with gag orders against speaking out. This was done to Melissa Diegel a couple of weeks ago. When Health Impact News first reported her story, gathered from facts collected by an advocacy group which started a Facebook Page, the court ordered her to tell us to take down our story.

We did not. As the story stayed up and went viral, we started hearing from others with very similar stories, particularly from Arizona. We will begin to document them and publish them on our new website, MedicalKidnap.com. The website is still under construction, but if anyone wants to tell us their story they can contact us here.

Just before the court ordered Melissa to take down her Facebook Page and all social media regarding her children and her fight to expose what was happening at PCH, she was interviewed on blogtalkradio.com in September. Here is an excerpt we extracted from the interview, and we are sure it is a message she wants all of America to hear, a message certain people are trying hard to suppress:

You can listen to the full interview here.

GoFundMe – To help Melissa with her legal fees in fighting to get her children back!

by Dr. Robert Mendelsohn, MD

Free Shipping Available!

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24477,"by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

Turmeric is one the most thoroughly researched plants in existence today. Its medicinal properties and components (primarily curcumin) have been the subject of over 5600 peer-reviewed and published biomedical studies. In fact, our five-year long research project on this sacred plant has revealed over 600 potential preventive and therapeutic applications, as well as 175 distinct beneficial physiological effects. This entire database of 1,585 ncbi-hyperlinked turmeric abstracts can be downloaded as a PDF at our Downloadable Turmeric Document page, and acquired either as a retail item or with 200 GMI-tokens, for those of you who are already are members and receive them automatically each month.

Given the sheer density of research performed on this remarkable spice, it is no wonder that a growing number of studies have concluded that it compares favorably to a variety of conventional medications, including:

Lipitor/Atorvastatin(cholesterol medication) : A 2008 study published in the journal Drugs in R & D found that a standardized preparation of curcuminoids from Turmeric compared favorably to the drug atorvastatin (trade name Lipitor) on endothelial dysfunction, the underlying pathology of the blood vessels that drives atherosclerosis, in association with reductions in inflammation and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients. [i] [For addition curcumin and ‘high cholesterol’ research – 8 abstracts]

: A 2008 study published in the journal Drugs in R & D found that a standardized preparation of curcuminoids from Turmeric compared favorably to the drug atorvastatin (trade name Lipitor) on endothelial dysfunction, the underlying pathology of the blood vessels that drives atherosclerosis, in association with reductions in inflammation and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients. [i] [For addition – 8 abstracts] Corticosteroids (steroid medications): A 1999 study published in the journal Phytotherapy Research found that the primary polyphenol in turmeric, the saffron colored pigment known as curcumin, compared favorably to steroids in the management of chronic anterior uveitis, an inflammatory eye disease.[ii] A 2008 study published in Critical Care Medicine found that curcumin compared favorably to the corticosteroid drug dexamethasone in the animal model as an alternative therapy for protecting lung transplantation-associated injury by down-regulating inflammatory genes.[iii] An earlier 2003 study published in Cancer Letters found the same drug also compared favorably to dexamethasone in a lung ischaemia-repurfusion injury model.[iv] [for additional curcumin and inflammation research – 52 abstracts]

A 1999 study published in the journal Phytotherapy Research found that the primary polyphenol in turmeric, the saffron colored pigment known as curcumin, compared favorably to steroids in the management of chronic anterior uveitis, an inflammatory eye disease.[ii] A 2008 study published in Critical Care Medicine found that curcumin compared favorably to the corticosteroid drug dexamethasone in the animal model as an alternative therapy for protecting lung transplantation-associated injury by down-regulating inflammatory genes.[iii] An earlier 2003 study published in Cancer Letters found the same drug also compared favorably to dexamethasone in a lung ischaemia-repurfusion injury model.[iv] [for additional research – 52 abstracts] Prozac/Fluoxetine & Imipramine (antidepressants): A 2011 study published in the journal Acta Poloniae Pharmaceutica found that curcumin compared favorably to both drugs in reducing depressive behavior in an animal model.[v] [for additional curcumin and depression research – 5 abstracts]

A 2011 study published in the journal Acta Poloniae Pharmaceutica found that curcumin compared favorably to both drugs in reducing depressive behavior in an animal model.[v] [for additional research – 5 abstracts] Aspirin (blood thinner): A 1986 in vitro and ex vivo study published in the journalArzneimittelforschung found that curcumin has anti-platelet and prostacyclin modulating effects compared to aspirin, indicating it may have value in patients prone to vascular thrombosis and requiring anti-arthritis therapy.[vi] [for additional curcumin and anti-platelet research]

A 1986 in vitro and ex vivo study published in the journalArzneimittelforschung found that curcumin has anti-platelet and prostacyclin modulating effects compared to aspirin, indicating it may have value in patients prone to vascular thrombosis and requiring anti-arthritis therapy.[vi] [for additional research] Anti-inflammatory Drugs : A 2004 study published in the journal Oncogene found that curcumin (as well as resveratrol) were effective alternatives to the drugs aspirin, ibuprofen, sulindac, phenylbutazone, naproxen, indomethacin, diclofenac, dexamethasone, celecoxib, and tamoxifen in exerting anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative activity against tumor cells.[vii] [for additional curcumin and anti-proliferative research – 15 abstracts]

: A 2004 study published in the journal Oncogene found that curcumin (as well as resveratrol) were effective alternatives to the drugs in exerting anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative activity against tumor cells.[vii] [for additional research – 15 abstracts] Oxaliplatin (chemotherapy drug) : A 2007 study published in the International Journal of Cancer found that curcumin compares favorably with oxaliplatin as an antiproliferative agenet in colorectal cell lines.[viii] [for additional curcumin and colorectal cancer research – 52 abstracts]

: A 2007 study published in the International Journal of Cancer found that curcumin compares favorably with oxaliplatin as an antiproliferative agenet in colorectal cell lines.[viii] [for additional research – 52 abstracts] Metformin (diabetes drug): A 2009 study published in the journal Biochemitry and Biophysical Research Community explored how curcumin might be valuable in treating diabetes, finding that it activates AMPK (which increases glucose uptake) and suppresses gluconeogenic gene expression (which suppresses glucose production in the liver) in hepatoma cells. Interestingly, they found curcumin to be 500 times to 100,000 times (in the form known as tetrahydrocurcuminoids(THC)) more potent than metformin in activating AMPK and its downstream target acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC). [ix]

Another way in which turmeric and its components reveal their remarkable therapeutic properties is in research on drug resistant- and multi-drug resistant cancers. We have two sections on our site dedicated to researching natural and integrative therapies on these topics, and while there are dozens of substances with demonstrable efficacy against these chemotherapy- and radiation-resistant cancers, curcumin tops both lists:

We have found no less than 54 studies indicating that curcumin can induce cell death or sensitize drug-resistant cancer cell lines to conventional treatment.[x]

We have identified 27 studies on curcumin’s ability to either induce cell death or sensitize multi-drug resistant cancer cell lines to conventional treatment.[xi]

Considering how strong a track record turmeric (curcumin) has, having been used as both food and medicine in a wide range of cultures, for thousands of years, a strong argument can be made for using curcumin as a drug alternative or adjuvant in cancer treatment.

Or, better yet, use certified organic (non-irradiated) turmeric in lower culinary doses on a daily basis so that heroic doses won’t be necessary later in life after a serious disease sets in. Nourishing yourself, rather than self-medicating with ‘nutraceuticals,’ should be the goal of a healthy diet. [learn more at Sayer Ji’s new collaborative project EATomology]

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/science-confirms-turmeric-effective-14-drugs



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24749,"by Brian Shilhavy

Editor, Health Impact News

15 years ago, I was the first one to import a high quality saturated fat called “Virgin Coconut Oil” from the Philippines to market in the U.S. I founded the company Tropical Traditions.

Coconut oil is a traditional fat that has been consumed for thousand of years in tropical climates, where historically western diseases like heart disease, diabetes, obesity and others were not common, in spite of their high saturated fat diet.

During World War II when the Japanese cut off the supply of the high saturated fat edible oils like coconut oil and palm oil with their occupation of the Philippines and other Southeast Asian nations, industry in the U.S. developed the “expeller-pressed” method of extracting oil from seeds that had not previously been a source of dietary oil, mainly the U.S. cash crops of soybeans and corn. These polyunsaturated oils were not shelf-stable edible oils, so the industrial process of “hydrogenation” was developed to make them more shelf-stable, and behave more like shelf-stable saturated fats. It was later learned that these artificial trans fats were harmful to our health.

Politics, not science, influenced government agencies like the USDA to promote these new polyunsaturated oils as more healthy than saturated fats. A new dietary dogma of “low-fat” was developed, and history now shows that America’s health greatly suffered as a result. Until even today, we have seen very high numbers of obesity, diabetes, and heart disease plaguing Americans.

So it was with much opposition 15 years ago that I presented the real science behind coconut oil and saturated fats, realizing that many truths about health were not being published in the mainstream media. The Health Impact News network is the result of years of studying alternative health science that is mostly blocked in the mainstream media for political reasons.

However, many now are waking up to the terrible consequences of following the government-sponsored low-fat diet dogma for so many years.

One can truly turn their health around by simply making a dietary choice as to the types of fats one consumes, and increase the consumption of healthy fats and oils, particularly when those oils in the diet replace harmful processed carbohydrates.

The Science of Fats: Information that Could Change Your Life

From November 7 – 14 Dr. Mark Hyman, Dr. Carrie Diulus, and over 30 of the world’s top experts on fats will participate in an online FREE summit dispeling the biggest MYTHS about fat, and revealing the latest research about how to eat, move and supplement your diet for improved health and longevity. Join these world-renowned experts, such as Aseem Malhotra, MD (one of Britain’s top cardiologists), Amy Myers, MD, Gary Taubes (famous science author that challenged mainstream media’s dogma on fats), Sayer Ji (Founder of GreenMedInfo.com), best-selling author Nina Teicholz, Peter Attia, MD, and dozens of others!

There’s so much confusion and misinformation out there about FAT…both the fat on our bodies, and the fats we eat. You’ve been told that eating fat makes you fat — and increases your risk for heart disease and other chronic illnesses — but fat is NOT the enemy. The truth is: eating MORE FAT can help shut down cravings, accelerate weight loss and potentially prevent or reverse disease.

Register today for FREE to watch this online summit!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33141,"Ingredients In Tea, Chocolate and Berries Can Prevent Diabetes

by Karen Foster

PreventDisease.com

Strong evidence from several studies have shown that individuals consuming fruits and vegetables rich in different flavonoids have a reduced risk of overall mortality and of several chronic diseases. According to new research from the University of East Anglia (UEA) and King’s College London, eating high levels of flavonoids including anthocyanins and other compounds (found in berries, tea, and chocolate) may prevent type 2 diabetes, a disease whose initial stages is now affecting almost 40 percent of Americans age 20 and older.

Flavonoids, which are found in a variety of fruits and vegetables as well as in tea, red wine, chocolate and berries, are thought to boost health in part by combating oxidation, a process in which cell-damaging substances called free radicals accumulate. Oxidative damage can be caused by several factors, especially by those factors on the cellular level. Is is suspected of increasing the risk of diabetes, heart disease, stroke and several other diseases.

Some studies have shown that the risk of cardiovascular disease, diabetes and even cancer decline as consumption of flavonoids rises.

Findings published in the Journal of Nutrition reveal that high intakes of these dietary compounds are associated with lower insulin resistance and better blood glucose regulation.

A study of almost 2,000 people also found that these food groups lower inflammation which, when chronic, is associated with diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. Prof Aedin Cassidy from UEA’s Norwich Medical School led the research. She said: “Our research looked at the benefits of eating certain sub-groups of flavanoids. We focused on flavones, which are found in herbs and vegetables such as parsley, thyme, and celery, and anthocyanins, found in berries, red grapes, wine and other red or blue-coloured fruits and vegetables. A recent study from Finland showed that berries may be all you need to blunt a rapid insulin response responsible for long-term weight gain and diabetes. Strawberries, bilberries, lingonberries, and chokeberries offer a means of reducing the risk. “This is one of the first large-scale human studies to look at how these powerful bioactive compounds might reduce the risk of diabetes. Laboratory studies have shown these types of foods might modulate blood glucose regulation — affecting the risk of type 2 diabetes. But until now little has been know about how habitual intakes might affect insulin resistance, blood glucose regulation and inflammation in humans.” Researchers studied almost 2,000 healthy women volunteers from TwinsUK who had completed a food questionnaire designed to estimate total dietary flavonoid intake as well as intakes from six flavonoid subclasses. Blood samples were analysed for evidence of both glucose regulation and inflammation. Insulin resistance, a hallmark of type 2 diabetes, was assessed using an equation that considered both fasting insulin and glucose levels. “We found that those who consumed plenty of anthocyanins and flavones had lower insulin resistance. High insulin resistance is associated with Type 2 diabetes, so what we are seeing is that people who eat foods rich in these two compounds — such as berries, herbs, red grapes, wine- are less likely to develop the disease. “We also found that those who ate the most anthocyanins were least likely to suffer chronic inflammation — which is associated with many of today’s most pressing health concerns including diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular disease, and cancer. “And those who consumed the most flavone compounds had improved levels of a protein (adiponectin) which helps regulate a number of metabolic processes including glucose levels. “What we don’t yet know is exactly how much of these compounds are necessary to potentially reduce the risk of type 2 diabetes,” she added. A previous study in the Journal of Nutrition evaluated the effect of daily dietary supplementation with bioactives in blueberries on whole-body insulin sensitivity in obese, non-diabetic, and insulin-resistant men and women and found that blueberries increased sensitivity to insulin, and may reduce the risk of developing diabetes in at-risk people Prof Tim Spector, research collaborator and director of the TwinsUK study from King’s College London, said: “This is an exciting finding that shows that some components of foods that we consider unhealthy like chocolate or wine may contain some beneficial substances. If we can start to identify and separate these substances we can potentially improve healthy eating. There are many reasons including genetics why people prefer certain foods so we should be cautious until we test them properly in randomized trials and in people developing early diabetes.” Read the full article here: http://preventdisease.com/news/14/012114_Ingredients-In-Tea-Chocolate-Berries-Prevent-Diabetes.shtml Sources:

nutrition.org



Karen Foster is a holistic nutritionist, avid blogger, with five kids and an active lifestyle that keeps her in pursuit of the healthiest path towards a life of balance.



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21956,"President Ronald Reagan signed The National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act (NCVIA) of 1986, absolving drug companies from all medico-legal liability when children die, become chronically ill with vaccine-induced autoimmune disorders or are otherwise disabled from vaccine injuries. That law has led directly to an expected reckless, liability-free development of scores of new, over-priced, potential block-buster vaccines, now numbering over 250. The question that must be asked of Big Medicine’s practitioners: How will the CDC, the AMA, the AAFP and the American Academy of Pediatrics fit any more potentially neurotoxic vaccines into the current well-baby over-vaccination schedule? PhRMA (the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America), the pharmaceutical industry’s trade association and powerful lobbying group, says that: ""today, more than 7,000 medicines are in development globally, all of which have the potential to help patients in the United States and around the world. According to another data source, there are 3,400 medicines in development today just in the United States, an increase of 40 percent since 2005."" PhRMA also says that today: ""the 271 vaccines in development span a wide array of diseases, and employ exciting new scientific strategies and technologies. These potential vaccines – all in human clinical trials or under review by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) – include 137 for infectious diseases, 99 for cancer, 15 for allergies and 10 for neurological disorders."" Whenever the FDA signals that it is ready to grant marketing approval for a new vaccine or drug, the first step for the pharmaceutical company’s marketing department is to promote an “educational” advertising campaign designed to instill fear in parents (and their pediatricians) about the horrible illnesses (albeit previously unknown, benign or rare) that even us doctors hadn’t yet recognized as being significant up until recently. Most of us physicians have gone along with the fear-mongering that makes our practices busier while it also makes billions of dollars in profits for some unworthy CEO or Wall Street investment banker, hedge fund manager or mutual fund investor – all at the expense of America’s precious and vulnerable children who are at high risk of being sickened along the way.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43791,"By Dr. Mercola

In the wake of shocking reports on how the FDA, terrified of being outed for its questionable practices, spied on its own employees in the hopes of rooting them out before they could become whistleblowers, a new story has emerged on how deep the deceit goes. From marginalizing safety reports to not reading them at all―and then going ahead and approving the drugs in question―the FDA once more stands accused of being little more than a rubber-stamping agency for Big Pharma.

Explosive revelations of an intensive spy operation by the FDA on its own scientists emerged last month. Using sophisticated spy software, the agency tracked and logged every move made by the targeted individuals. The program even intercepted personal emails and copied documents on their personal thumb drives.

The targeted scientists had expressed concern over the agency’s approval of dangerous medical imaging devices for mammograms and colonoscopies, which they believe expose patients to dangerous levels of radiation. Now, another whistleblower has stepped forward, and what he has to say about the agency’s drug safety reviews is shocking even to the jaded…

Former FDA Reviewer Speaks Out About Systemic Suppression of Safety

Ronald Kavanagh was a drug reviewer for the FDA in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research from 1998 to 2008. In a recent interview he reveals how the FDA bypassed or ignored safety issues on major drugs approved during his employment. In an interview for the online news magazine Truth-Out, he tells Martha Rosenberg1:

“In the Center for Drugs [Center for Drug Evaluation and Research or CDER], as in the Center for Devices, the honest employee fears the dishonest employee.

There is also irrefutable evidence that managers at CDER have placed the nation at risk by corrupting the evaluation of drugs and by interfering with our ability to ensure the safety and efficacy of drugs. While I was at FDA, drug reviewers were clearly told not to question drug companies and that our job was to approve drugs. We were prevented, except in rare instances, from presenting findings at advisory committees.

In 2007, formal policies were instituted so that speaking in any way that could reflect poorly on the agency could result in termination. If we asked questions that could delay or prevent a drug’s approval – which of course was our job as drug reviewers – management would reprimand us, reassign us, hold secret meetings about us, and worse. Obviously in such an environment, people will self-censor.”

According to Kavanagh, people would be shocked if they knew just how malleable safety data is. As examples, he points out that human studies are typically too short and contain too few subjects to get a clear picture of potential risks. In such a scenario, even a single case of a serious adverse event must be taken very seriously, and data from other longer term safety studies also need to be carefully analyzed. Kavanagh claims he has seen drug reviews where the medical safety reviewer completely failed to make such evaluations prior to the drug’s approval.

FDA Actively Thwarts Serious Safety Investigations

There’s no telling how many ineffective and/or dangerous drugs and medical devices have been approved and ushered into market through sheer intimidation and bullying, either by pharmaceutical companies or FDA management. Perhaps even more shocking are the revelations that some of the internal rules and regulations of the FDA are clearly designed to thwart serious safety reviews from the get-go.

According to Kavanagh:

“[H]uman clinical pharmacology trials are typically done in Europe, yet clinical pharmacology reviewers at FDA have been barred from analyzing this information prior to studies being conducted in the US. Without being able to do this, we are unable to detect evidence of risks early and cannot provide guidance that would help with the development of the drug in terms not only of safety and proving efficacy, but also with the efficiency and cost effectiveness of the drug’s development.”

Another loophole that can put your health in serious jeopardy is that drug companies are not required to include adverse events on the drug’s label if the adverse reaction is:

Below a certain percentage, and/or

Below double the rate of the adverse event found in a placebo

According to Kavanagh:

“By this rule, certain serious and potentially lethal adverse events that eventually resulted in a drug being withdrawn from the market would not have had any mention of the adverse events made in the labeling at all.”

Kavanagh also claims to have discovered another common loophole used by pharmaceutical companies to circumvent safety issues. They’d simply submit bits and pieces of data to different places, effectively preventing the reviewer to pull it all together. Then, because the safety issues falsely appeared to be negligible, it would be decided that no further evaluation would be necessary…

“On one occasion, the company even told me they were going to call upper management to get a clear requirement for approval that they did not want to fulfill eliminated, which I then saw happen. On another occasion a company clearly stated in a meeting that they had “paid for an approval,” Kavanagh says.

“Sometimes we were literally instructed to only read a 100-150 page summary and to accept drug company claims without examining the actual data, which on multiple occasions I found directly contradicted the summary document. Other times I was ordered not to review certain sections of the submission, but invariably that’s where the safety issues would be. This could only occur if FDA management was told about issues in the submission before it had even been reviewed.

In addition, management would overload us with huge amounts of material that could not possibly be read by a given deadline and would withhold assistance. When you are able to dig in, if you found issues that would make you turn down a drug, you could be pressured to reverse your decision or the review would then be handed off to someone who would simply copy and paste whatever claims the company made in the summary document.”

Examples of Dangerous Drug Approvals

In his interview, Kavanagh discusses some of the dangerous drugs that were approved in the face of unequivocal safety concerns. One is the nerve gas drug pyridostigmine—a prophylactic drug against the nerve agent Soman. The drug was approved under the “Animal Rule,” which allows drugs to be approved based on animal data alone. There were multiple problems with this approval. First, the animal studies did not reflect how the drug would be used in humans. Second, the drug actually increases lethality if nerve agents other than Soman are used.

According to Kavanagh:

“This information was not secret – both FDA and DoD public documents acknowledge increased lethality with other nerve agents such as Sarin, and DoD and other government documents that are public also document that Saddam Hussein was not using Soman and was instead using these other nerve agents exclusively.

Yet because I raised this as an objection, I was immediately replaced as the primary reviewer so that I could not document my concerns and so that pyridostigmine could be approved. It’s since been proposed that if we ever face the prospect of nerve agents in the future, that this approval will be used as a justification to convince the President at that time to waive informed consent without presenting a full picture.”

Pediatric drugs also end up posing unnecessary risks due to the FDA’s failure to adequately review safety risks, and the many scientific loopholes employed by pharmaceutical companies. For example, the following flawed parameters are typically used in pediatric drug studies:

Dosages are based on approved adult dosages, without regard for metabolic differences between a developing child’s body and an adult

Exposure studies oftentimes use overweight children, and include too few children to adequately evaluate risks

No allowances are made for race, age, puberty, or actual weight

Dangers to pregnant women and their developing fetuses are also frequently ignored. All in all, the FDA appears to be engaged in a systematic hush-operation designed to give just about anything Big Pharma develops the green light. Essentially, dangerous drugs are given a rubber stamp of approval—the necessary go-ahead to make obscene profits while killing and injuring hundreds of thousands of people every year. It is, quite simply, inexcusable. The mainstream media has a lot to answer for as well, as their lack of reporting on these issues contributes to the problem by keeping a lid on reality.

According to Kavanagh:

“FDA’s response to most expected risks is to deny them and wait until there is irrefutable evidence postmarketing, and then simply add a watered down warning in the labeling. In fact, when patients exhibit drug toxicity, it is usually attributed to an underlying condition which we know is likely to make the drug toxicity worse. This also allows the toxicity to be dismissed as being unrelated to the drug in any way.

Consequently, toxicities are only attributed to the drug when the evidence is irrefutable. Thus the majority of cases where there is a contributing factor are simply dismissed. When you do raise potential safety issues, the refrain that I heard repeatedly from upper management was‚”where are the dead bodies in the street?” Which I took to mean that we only do something if the press is making an issue of it.”

FDA Safety Reviewers Made to Fear for Their Lives?

Kavanagh was not surprised to learn about the agency’s retaliation against the five whistleblowers, giving several examples of how he was personally intimidated, to the point of fearing for his life, and the safety of his children!

“After FDA management learned I had gone to Congress about certain issues, I found my office had been entered and my computer physically tampered with,” Kavanagh tells Rosenberg.

“… After I gave Representative Waxman’s (D-CA) office a USB drive with evidence, FDA staff was admonished that it was prohibited to download information to USB drives. Then, after I openly reported irregularities in an antipsychotic drug review and FDA financial collusion with outsiders to Senator Grassley’s office and the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, I was threatened with prison if I should release trade secret information to Congress… [T]he Food Drug and Cosmetics Act explicitly allows communication of trade secrets by FDA employees to Congress, but since most people are unaware of this, FDA management can use the threat of jail for violation of the Trade Secrets Act, not only to discourage reviewers, but in my case they got Senator Grassley’s staff to destroy the evidence I provided them.

The threats, however, can be much worse than prison. One manager threatened my children – who had just turned 4 and 7 years old – and in one large staff meeting, I was referred to as a ‘saboteur.’ Based on other things that happened and were said, I was afraid that I could be killed for talking to Congress and criminal investigators.”

We Now Know What Domestic Surveillance of Whistleblowers Looks Like

The following video features attorney, Stephen Kohn, executive director of the National Whistleblowers Center and attorney for the FDA whistleblowers in the recently revealed FDA spy operation against them2.

“For the first time, we now have a glimpse into what domestic surveillance of whistleblowers looks like in this country with the modern technological developments,” Kohn says. “The agency [sought] to destroy the reputation of these whistleblowers forever.”

FDA Failures Place Health of Americans and Nation at Grave Risk

The FDA’s mission statement reads as follows:

“The FDA is responsible for protecting the public health by assuring the safety, efficacy, and security of human and veterinary drugs, biological products, medical devices, our nation’s food supply, cosmetics, and products that emit radiation. The FDA is also responsible for advancing the public health by helping to speed innovations that make medicines and foods more effective, safer, and more affordable; and helping the public get the accurate, science-based information they need to use medicines and foods to improve their health.”

In 2007, a report bearing the revealing title “FDA Science and Mission at Risk” by the Subcommittee on Science and Technology3, detailed how the FDA cannot fulfill its stated mission because:

Its scientific base has eroded and its scientific organizational structure is weak Its scientific workforce does not have sufficient capacity and capability, and Its information technology (IT) infrastructure is inadequate

Furthermore, the report found that “the development of medical products based on “new science” cannot be adequately regulated by the FDA, and that the agency does not have the capacity to carry out risk assessment and analysis. Additionally, the agency’s science agenda “lacks coherent structure and vision, as well as effective coordination and prioritization.”

The fact that the FDA does not have its ducks in a row; has sorely misplaced its priorities; and is not working to fulfill its mission is clearly evidenced in the numerous cases where hundreds and sometimes thousands of complaints about dangerous drugs (like Vioxx and Avandia), vaccines (like Gardasil), and additives (like aspartame) are stubbornly ignored, while SWAT-style teams armed to the teeth are sent to raid supplement makers, whole food businesses, organic farmers, and raw dairies when oftentimes not a single incidence of harm can be attributed to their products.

According to the Science and Technology Subcommittee’s report, the failures of the FDA is placing the health of Americans, and indeed the economic health of the entire nation, at grave risk:

“The FDA constitutes a critical component of our nation’s healthcare delivery and public health system. The FDA, as much as any public or private sector institution in this country, touches the lives, health and wellbeing of all Americans and is integral to the nation’s economy and its security.

The FDA’s responsibilities for protecting the health of Americans are far-reaching. The FDA protects our nation’s food supply through regulatory activities designed to cover 80 percent of the food consumed in this country. The FDA also regulates all drugs, human vaccines, and medical devices, and hence plays a critical role in ensuring the appropriate safety and efficacy of rapidly emerging medical products.

… The FDA is also central to the economic health of the nation, regulating approximately $$1 trillion in consumer products or 25 cents of every consumer dollar expended in this country annually.. Thus, the nation is at risk if FDA science is at risk. The Subcommittee concluded that science at the FDA is in a precarious position: the Agency suffers from serious scientific deficiencies and is not positioned to meet current or emerging regulatory responsibilities.”

Final Thoughts

One of the root causes for their utter abandonment of public safety is that the majority of the FDA’s funding comes from the very companies that it is seeking to monitor and evaluate. The FDA has progressively morphed into a mere pawn and instrument of the drug industry, which has little to do with drug safety, and everything to do with maximizing profits.

As Dr. David Graham—another prominent FDA whistleblower who blew the lid on the Vioxx scandal—stated in a 2005 interview:

“As currently configured, the FDA is not able to adequately protect the American public. It’s more interested in protecting the interests of industry. It views industry as its client, and the client is someone whose interest you represent. Unfortunately, that is the way the FDA is currently structured.

Within the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, about 80 percent of the resources are geared towards the approval of new drugs and 20 percent is for everything else. Drug safety is about 5 percent. The ‘gorilla in the living room’ is new drugs and approval. Congress has not only created that structure, they have also worsened that structure through the PDUFA, the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, by which drug companies pay money to the FDA so they will review and approve its drug.”

The only real solution isn’t minor changes to the existing structure, but a complete reform of the FDA. But until then, please, don’t risk your money or your life on a paradigm designed to profit from your ill health. Instead, switch to natural methods that will allow your body to heal itself without the need for the deadly drugs being pushed on you by the drug companies and the FDA.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/08/13/drug-safety-whistleblower.aspx



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24248,"by Alliance for Natural Health

FTC Proceeds with Raw Power Grab on Health Claims—In Effect Thumbing Its Nose at Congress

Food company POM Wonderful’s battle with the FTC ends (for now) with the agency making up its own law and quashing free speech. Action Alert!

Last year, an administrative law judge (ALJ)* for the Federal Trade Commission upheld the pomegranate juice […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32339,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Once again, we must look outside of the United States to find research and news regarding vaccine safety. A new study published in Italy, which is of course being censored in the U.S. mainstream media, reveals that vaccines currently used to inject America’s children are contaminated with toxic material not revealed as ingredients in the manufacturer’s product information leaflet.

Proponents of vaccines will undoubtedly be quick to point out that the population is exposed to very small amounts of toxins in our environment on a daily basis, and that this study is nothing to worry about.

However, that is not the case at all. Toxins we encounter naturally in our environment through our digestive or respiratory system have natural immune fighting capabilities to deal with such toxins and eliminate them from the body.

Not so with toxins injected directly into the body, which bypass these natural defense mechanisms.

Make no mistake about it: this study is BIG news and affects the health and lives of everyone receiving vaccines.

New Study Marks Fall of ‘Safe and Effective’ Vaccines

by Jefferey Jaxen

Health Impact News

The ‘safe and effective’ vaccine narrative is crumbling before our eyes.

For years, scientists, health professionals at every level, and parents have chipped away at the false narrative’s shaky foundations. Looking back many will wonder why congress gave vaccine manufacturers blanket protection from any damage their for-profit products caused. Many will wonder why laws were passed to force the unsafe products of a private company on our children. And many will wonder why parents, doctors, and nurses were persecuted for raising valid questions about the damage and injuries they witnessed from the vaccines.

Historians will question how establishment medicine and government marched lockstep to the idea of settled vaccine science when there were never long-term studies of vaccinated vs. unvaccinated populations, no studies of the US vaccine schedule as a whole, no long-term studies of health outcomes for individual vaccines, and a complete failure — or a willful ignoring — of investigation into vaccine-injury.

Finally, federal oversight committees, judges, and legal scholars may forever question why, after multiple rounds of internal, credible whistleblowers alerted the public of widespread institutional fraud and corruption from within the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), nothing was done except for a complete corporate media blackout.

Despite the damning initial wave of information just laid out, many at every level of society and institution still toe the line of the pharmaceutical party of ‘safe and effective’ vaccines.

The luxury of such magical thinking is now over thanks to the results of a new, Nobel Prize-level study conducted by self-funded researchers at the National Council of Research of Italy and the International Clean Water Institute, USA.

The study, titled New Quality-Control Investigations on Vaccines: Micro- and Nanocontamination published in the International Journal of Vaccines and Vaccination, represents an unavoidable wave of clear information supporting an immediate moratorium on vaccination, suspension of government laws mandating vaccination, and simultaneous legal action at numerous levels to investigate a criminal vaccine industry and the establishment offshoots that have worked to prop it up.

What did the new Italian study find?

Examining 30 vaccines — representing 44 samples in total — the researchers found particulate matter, in aggregates and clusters, of micro- and nano-sized particulate matter in 43 of the 44 samples whose presence was not declared in the leaflets delivered in the package of the product.

The scientists were “baffled” by their findings of lead, tungsten, gold, chromium, stainless steel, gold-zinc aggregate, platinum, silver, bismuth, iron, silicon and many others. The investigations revealed that some particles are embedded in a biological substrate. As soon as a particle comes in contact with proteic fluids, an interaction occurs and a bigger-sized compound is created that is not biodegradable and can induce adverse effects, since it is not recognized as self by the body. The authors conclude the following from their findings:

This new investigation represents a new quality control that can be adopted to assess the safety of a vaccine. Our hypothesis is that this contamination is unintentional, since it is probably due to polluted components or procedures of industrial processes (e.g. filtrations) used to produce vaccines, not investigated and not detected by the Producers.

The analyses carried out showed that, in all samples checked, vaccines contain non-biocompatible and bio-persistent foreign bodies which are not declared by the producers.

How did these foreign bodies get into such ‘safe and effective’ products? An exclusive interview of the study’s lead author Dr. Antonietta Gatti revealed more of the story. When Dr. Gatti was asked what he was most surprised to find, he answered:

We had never questioned the purity of vaccines before. In fact, for us the problem did not even exist. All injectable solutions had to be perfectly pure and that was an act of faith on which it sounded impossible to have doubts. For that reason, we repeated our analyses several times to be certain. In the end, we accepted the evidence.

The consensus from the study’s authors was that the foreign bodies detected are very odd as they have no technical use, cannot be found in any material handbook and look like the result of the random formation occurring, for example, when waste is burnt. When asked about the burnt waste theory, Dr. Gatti had this to say:

When you burn waste, the particles produced are made of different substances that are rarely seen in combination. In some cases, unusual mixtures of different elements are simply due to chance, depending on the atoms or small molecules that come mutually in touch, and, at least in a number of circumstances we keep coming across, particles with an odd composition is what is present also in vaccines. That does not mean that the origin is the same.

The problems for the vaccine industry keep adding up as reality appears to be giving pharmaceutical giants and their ‘safe and effective’ vaccine narrative no quarter. It was publicly reported in September 2016 that multiple independent lab tests of the MMR II, DTap Adacel, Influenza Fluvirin, HepB Energix-B, and Pneumonoccal Vax Polyvalent Pneumovax, 23 vaccines confirmed the presence of glyphosate, the active ingredient in Monsanto’s flagship herbicide Roundup.

How could glyphosate possibly end up in vaccines? According to information reported by Ecowatch, MIT scientist Dr. Stephanie Seneff described the mechanism as follows:

Glyphosate could easily be present in vaccines due to the fact that certain vaccine viruses including measles in MMR and flu are grown on gelatin derived from the ligaments of pigs fed heavy doses of glyphosate in their GMO feed. Gelatin comes from collagen which has lots of glycine. Livestock feed is allowed to have up to 400 PPM [parts per million] of glyphosate residues by the EPA, thousands of times higher than has been shown to cause harm in numerous studies.

The present and near future of vaccine policy and its medical reality remain turbulent and uncertain. On a long enough timeline, pharmaceutical business as usual will lead to full, sustained public revolt.

The unofficial appointment of Robert F Kennedy Jr., to a new Trump-created commission on vaccine safety and scientific integrity adds hope to over a decade of callous non-action. However, questions remain as to the power and regulatory teeth the newly formed committee will wield against an already deeply entrenched pharmaceutical industry.

Regardless of official government solutions, the results of the new Italian study and other similar ones surely to follow, with the addition of the vaccine glyphosate contamination results, open unlimited channels of legal avenues to oppose mandatory vaccination laws.

In theory, future legal challenges can now rely on new studies to challenge the legitimacy, ethics, and mandates that have rested on the false ‘safe and effective’ vaccine talking points. Foreign matter and chemical herbicides — not listed on vaccine inserts — being directly injected into all levels of society appears to make for a strong case against vaccines and any laws, standing orders, or medical mandates forcing them onto society.

How will history write the final chapters of this generation’s attempt at mandatory vaccination?

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1718,"Should You Worry About an Ebola Outbreak in the US?

By Dr. Mercola

For the third time in the history of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the agency has raised its level of emergency alertness to “Level 1″—this time in response to the Ebola virus, following outbreaks in West Africa.

CDC Level 1 emergency response, reserved for the most dire health emergencies, was declared for the first time in 2005 following Hurricane Katrina, and again in 2009 for the H1N1 influenza outbreak.

On August 8, the World Health Organization (WHO) also declared the Ebola outbreak an international public health emergency.

The outbreak began late last year. Affected areas include Guinea, Sierra Leone, and Liberia. At the time of this writing, of the 1,711 people infected 932 have died in these three areas. Nine people have also been diagnosed with the disease in Nigeria.

While the death rate for Ebola can be upwards of 90 percent, the current outbreak has a death rate of about 55 percent.

Two American aid workers, Dr. Kent Brantly and Nancy Writebol, have contracted the disease, and have been flown back for treatment in the US, aboard a specially-equipped plane. At least one of the victims is being treated at the Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, Georgia.

What Is Ebola?

The Ebola virus was first discovered in 1976 when an outbreak occurred in Sudan. So far, five subtypes have been identified:

Zaire ebolavirus (ZEBOV), identified in 1976, is thought to be the most virulent Sudan ebolavirus, (SEBOV) Ivory Coast ebolavirus (ICEBOV) Ebola-Reston (REBOV), isolated from monkeys in the Philippines in 1989. In 2009, this variant was thought to have been transferred from pigs to humans Bundibugyo ebolavirus (BEBOV). The first outbreak of this virus occurred in the Bundibugyo District, Uganda, in 2007. The virus was deposited with the CDC in November 2007, and was patented in 2009. It is the most closely related to the ICEBOV strain, but it’s more virulent

The current outbreak involves Zaire ebolavirus, which produces symptoms within six to 16 days of infection. The virus leads to severe immunosuppression, but most deaths are attributed to dehydration caused by gastric problems. Early signs of infection include:

Non-specific flu-like symptoms

Sudden onset of fever, diarrhea, headache, muscle pain, vomiting, and abdominal pains

Other, less common symptoms include sore throat, rashes, and bleeding

As the infection sets in, shock, cerebral edema (fluid on the brain), coagulation disorders, and secondary bacterial infections may occur. Hemorrhaging tends to begin four to five days after onset of the initial symptoms, which includes bleeding in the throat, gums, lips, and vagina. Vomiting blood, excreting tar-like feces indicative of gastrointestinal bleeding, and liver and/or multi-organ failure can also occur.

How Ebola Spreads

According to Fabian Leendertz, an epidemiologist and disease ecologist at the Robert Koch Institute in Berlin, the West African outbreak is spreading via contact with bodily fluids from an infected person. Those at greatest risk are women caring for sick relatives, those handling the dead, and health care workers.

However, he notes that Ebola doesn’t spread as easily as most people might think. Again, person-to-person transmission requires close personal contact with an infected individual or their body fluids during the late stages of infection, or after death.

Leendertz recently told Science News that “even if an infected person were to hop on a plane and fly to the United States, Europe, or elsewhere, tight health care measures would ensure that Ebola will never get far.”

Researchers have also confirmed that Ebola is not airborne. Like HIV/AIDS, the Ebola virus requires contact with bodily fluids of an infected person.

Interestingly, the Ebola virus is inactivated by UV radiation. It certainly isn’t the first time sunlight has been shown to be beneficial in the fight against disease, although bacteria appears to be more susceptible to UV radiation than viruses.

Additionally, regular sun exposure will help optimize your vitamin D, which is crucial for overall robust immune function. Americans in particular may want to take that advice to heart, seeing how most are vitamin D deficient and therefore more open to infections of all kinds.

Where Did the Ebola Virus Come from?

Potential hosts of the Ebola virus include humans, various monkey species, chimpanzees, gorillas, baboons, duikers (a type of African antelope), two species of rodents, one species of shrew, and three species of fruit bats. . The current outbreak in West Africa is thought to originate from either bats or primates. In a recent NPR interview, David Quammen, author of Spillover, a book that traces the evolution of viruses that move from animals to people, said:

“[T]here’s a group of diseases, called zoonotic diseases, which pass from nonhuman animals into humans. And spillover is the moment when a new virus has the opportunity to leap from a bat, monkey or rodent into its first human victim. We’re pretty sure that’s what happened with the Ebola outbreak in West Africa… We don’t know where Ebola lives permanently — its so-called reservoir host. A reservoir is the animal in which a pathogen or virus lives inconspicuously, without causing symptoms… There was one Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where it was suspected that the first case involved contact with a big fruit bat. There were some large, migratory fruit bats roosting along the river in this area. One man in particular bought a bat at a market and carried it home. Then, I believe, the infection passed from him to his daughter. There was a strong, but not definite, implication that the killing of fruit bats, and the selling and buying of them in the market, is what triggered an outbreak.”

Fast-Tracked Ebola Vaccines Moving Into Human Trials

A number of vaccines are in the works, with human trials already underway. One human trial is set to begin in September. According to Newsweek:

“Once phase 1 testing is completed in January [2015], Fauci expects phase 2 will be conducted on both American and African populations. ‘If it proves to be safe, you expand the trial,’ he says. ‘All of that, the second phase, takes several months. You need to scale up production of the virus.’ From there, if the vaccine is successful in both US and African populations, it may skip the third phase of trials and go directly to Africa. According to Fauci, the earliest this might happen is ‘sometime before the end of 2015’—a timetable he describes as ‘lightning speed.'”

According to Biotechnology Focus, Tekmira Pharmaceuticals Corporation already began a Phase 1 human clinical trial of a drug called TKM-Ebola back in January. This drug is being developed under a $140 million contract with the US Department of Defense (DoD). (Monsanto has also invested in Tekmira, which is a developer of RNA interference (RNAi) therapeutics.) In 2013, the Vanderbilt Vaccine Center at Vanderbilt University also received a $4.4 million grant from the US DoD for Ebola vaccine development and other Ebola treatments. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) has also been working on an Ebola vaccine for more than a decade.

Debate Grows Over Use of Experimental, Untested Drugs

A debate is now growing over the use of experimental drugs to combat the Ebola outbreak. As noted by WebMD, an experimental treatment called ZMapp, formulated in January, is based on genetically engineered tobacco leaves. The drug is a joint venture between Mapp Biopharmaceutical and Kentucky Bioprocessing, and is being developed in collaboration with LeafBio of San Diego, Defyrus Inc. of Canada, the US government, and the Public Health Agency of Canada.

The two American aid workers who contracted Ebola both received this drug, despite the fact that it’s only been tested in monkeys. The scientists working on the drug haven’t even published the initial findings of their research, and the drug has not gone through the FDA drug approval process yet.

“Making the serum is slow, in part, because the plants must be grown for several weeks before they are ‘infected’ with a type of protein. ‘Basically the plants act like a photocopier of the proteins,’ WebMD explains. Once they’re infected… it takes a week for the plants to make enough of the protein to harvest and distill into a useable drug… [T]he compound… is a combination of three antibodies that are thought to help in two ways. One of the antibodies alerts the immune system to infected cells so they can be destroyed… the other two antibodies probably prevent the virus from making more copies of itself. ‘We’re still trying to figure out exactly how it works,’ [Erica Ollmann Saphire, Ph.D., professor of immunology at the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla, CA] says. ‘But it seems to neutralize the virus.'”

Dr. Kent Brantly is said to have recovered after receiving the drug, Thomas Geisbert, MD, professor of infectious disease at The University of Texas Galveston Medical Branch, who has studied the Ebola virus for more than 25 years, urges everyone to be cautious about interpreting the effect of the drug. It may or may not have had anything to do with Brantly’s recovery. There are still many unanswered questions about the safety and efficacy of this genetically engineered plant-vaccine. As noted by Dr. Ollmann above, they don’t even understand how it works yet! It should come as no surprise then that they have no idea what the side effects might be…

Such worries are not foremost on the mind of investors in companies creating Ebola drugs however. As noted by NPR:“Interest in drugs that might be used to treat Ebola virus has hit a fever pitch, but the buzz isn’t simply about fear of Ebola, or about saving lives in poor nations of West Africa. It’s also about money… [Tekmira] trades on the stock market, so—no surprise—there’s a fair amount of chatter online by investors pumping up the prospects of the putative Ebola drug and hoping to make a buck.” According to Time Magazine, the price of Tekmira stock shot up by 45 percent once the company announced the FDA approved limited use of the drug in already infected Ebola patients.

‘New Drugs Are Not the Answer to Ebola,’ Infectious Diseases Expert Says

Meanwhile, common-sense basics like hygiene, nutrition, vitamin D, and intravenous vitamin C are overlooked. Thomas E. Levy, MD, JD recently published an article addressing potential Ebola remedies, noting that vitamin C may be of particular importance:

“To date, not a single virus has been tested that is not inactivated (killed) by a large enough dose of vitamin C (ascorbic acid)…A primary way in which vitamin C destroys viruses, or sets them up for destruction by the immune system, is by activating the ‘Fenton reaction.’ In a nutshell, this reaction can proceed inside the virus, inside cells in which viruses are replicating, and on the surfaces of the viruses themselves. The result of this reaction that is stimulated by the presence of vitamin C, one or more transition metal cations, and the local presence of peroxide is the immediate production of hydroxyl radicals. These radicals are the most reactive oxidizing agents ever identified. As such, they radically upregulate oxidative stress and end up destroying whatever is in their immediate environment.”

I’ve also interviewed Dr. Ronald Hunninghake, an internationally recognized expert on vitamin C, about its benefits in serious cases of H1N1 infection. According to Anthony Fauci, director of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, the most powerful tool against Ebola is basic medical care.

“The real area of focus… should be setting up medical infrastructure in the affected countries to provide sick people with basic medical support such as replacement fluids and blood. That will have a much bigger effect on health than a few batches of experimental medications,” he told USA Today.

There’s really no reason to suspect that Ebola would actually become a major threat in the US, as airborne transmission is unlikely. But scaring Americans is undoubtedly a profitable venture…

Fear-Mongering Is a Lucrative Business

The Ebola panic is very reminiscent of the 2005 bird flu hoax, and the 2009 H1N1 (swine flu) scare—another Level 1 “emergency” that turned out to be grossly hyped to promote the sales of unnecessary vaccines that turned out to be riddled with horrible side effects, including the devastating sleeping disorder, narcolepsy.

In 2005, President Bush made the public prediction that two million Americans might die from the bird flu. Similar predictions were issued in 2006, 2007, and again in 2008. Those fears were exposed as little more than a cruel hoax, designed to instill fear, and line the pocketbooks of various individuals and industry. I became so convinced by the evidence AGAINST the possibility of a bird flu pandemic that I wrote a New York Times bestselling book, The Bird Flu Hoax, revealing the massive fraud involved with the epidemic that never actually happened.

Then, in 2009, the World Health Organization (WHO) warned its 194 member nations to expect up to 1/3 of the world’s population to be infected with the swine flu (H1N1). Massive amounts of casualties were again predicted; dangerous vaccines were fast-tracked, and antiviral drugs later shown to be useless were stockpiled. The antiviral flu drugs Tamiflu and Relenza were found to shorten duration of symptoms by less than a day, and had no effect on the number of hospitalizations. One British study concluded that Tamiflu drugs given for the swine flu was “a waste of £500 million,” as it did nothing to halt the spread of influenza. According to The Telegraph:

“The review, authored by Oxford University, claims that Roche, the drug’s Swiss manufacturer, gave a ‘false impression’ of its effectiveness and accuses the company of ‘sloppy science.’ The study found that Tamiflu, which was given to 240,000 people in the UK at a rate of 1,000 a week, has been linked to suicides of children in Japan and suggested that, far from easing flu symptoms, it could actually worsen them.”

In reality, the 2009 flu season turned out to be far milder than average, despite the H1N1 variant of the influenza virus being in circulation. An explosive CBS News investigation published in October 2009 clearly showed that the vast majority of “swine flu cases” were not even influenza at all, let alone H1N1. Rather, based on lab testing, the vast majority of people who reported flu-like symptoms actually had some other type of cold or upper respiratory infection.

Now, health officials warn that an Ebola outbreak in the US is just “one airline passenger away.” While theoretically plausible, panic should be tempered by the fact that the American medical system is far better equipped to contain a non-airborne virus like Ebola, compared to West Africa. According to Anthony Fauci, director of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, it would be “extraordinarily unlikely that it will be an outbreak at all because of the way we take care of people, how we have the capability of isolating them, how we understand what one needs to do to protect the health care providers and the kinds of health care facilities we have.”

Why Does the CDC Promote Unreasonable Fear and Panic?

The fact is, the CDC is trumping up the fear factor, while simultaneously downplaying its own role in potentially creating a devastating outbreak through its own negligence. Mere weeks ago, the CDC was found to have accidentally released two dangerous pathogens: anthrax and H5N1 avian influenza. Dr. Thomas R. Frieden, head of the CDC, recently issued a report that admits to sloppy work ethics at the lab. If you ask me, we should probably be more afraid of what the CDC does with the Ebola virus than anything…

The CDC promoted and was intimately involved with the film Contagion, which was in part filmed at the CDC headquarters in Atlanta, GA. In the summer of 2011, the agency again gave a nod to Hollywood, creating a Zombie Preparedness Campaign; ostensibly to bring awareness to pandemic, hurricane, earthquake, and other disaster preparedness.

Promoting Fear to Further Financially-Driven Agendas

As I’ve discussed many times previously, there are tremendous hazards inherent with fast-tracking vaccines. By their very definition, fast-tracked vaccines are those that have received very little safety testing prior to being used, and US regulations already place ALL the risk on the public receiving the vaccine, regardless of whether the vaccine is mandated or voluntary. Vaccine makers can more or less create a lethal vaccine and get away scot free at this point; they’re that well-protected against liability for adverse events of pandemic vaccines.

The PREP Act removes your right to a trial jury unless you can provide clear evidence of willful misconduct that resulted in death or serious physical injury. But that’s not all. But first you must apply for and be granted permission to sue by the DHHS Secretary. The most problematic aspect of the PREP Act is that it removes all financial incentive to make a safe product. In fact, vaccine makers now have a negative incentive to test it for safety, because if they are aware of problems, then they could potentially be held liable for willful misconduct!

As long as they can prove they “didn’t know” of any problem, they will not be liable for damages. Hence, it’s in their best interest to know as little as possible about the adverse reactions it might cause. It seems unimaginable, but under these pandemic conditions, you and your children are little more than unpaid human trial subjects for experimental, fast-tracked vaccines (and other pandemic drugs).

For the most part, most all of the conventional media portrays the entire vaccine process as something heroic and vital to the health of our culture, and they will be reluctant to ever promote any news that contradicts this belief. But as recent history shows, the GREATEST danger could actually be the CDC and other bioterror labs.

I believe we need to consider the financial motives behind the promotion of pandemics and the vaccines that go along with them. It is vital for you to carefully research ALL sides of the vaccine issue and not merely trust federal public health authorities, most physicians, and the media, as they are largely influenced by massive conflict of interest and collusion. Seek other independent and objective views like those at NVIC before you make any important decisions about deciding to vaccinate.

Read the full article here.



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24500,"by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

There is a medicinal spice so timelessly interwoven with the origins of human culture and metabolism, so thoroughly supported by modern scientific inquiry, as to be unparalleled in its proven value to human health and well-being.

Indeed, turmeric turns the entire drug-based medical model on its head. Instead of causing far more side effects than therapeutic ones, as is the case for most patented pharmaceutical medications, turmeric possesses hundreds of potential side benefits, having been empirically demonstrated to positively modulate over 160 different physiological pathways in the mammalian body.

While no food or herb is right for everyone, and everything has the potential for unintended, adverse side effects, turmeric is truly unique in its exceptionally high margin of safety vis-à-vis the drugs it has been compared with, e.g. hydrocortisone, ibuprofen, chemotherapy agents. Furthermore, nothing within the modern-day pharmaceutical armamentarium comes even remotely close to turmeric’s 6,000 year track record of safe use in Ayurvedic medicine.[1]

Despite its vast potential for alleviating human suffering, turmeric will likely never receive the FDA stamp of approval, due to its lack of exclusivity, patentability and therefore profitability. Truth be told, the FDA’s “gold standard” for proving the value of a prospective medicinal substance betrays the age old aphorism: “he who owns the gold makes the rules,” and unless an investor is willing to risk losing the 800+ million dollars that must be spent upfront, the FDA-required multi-phased double-blind, randomized clinical trials will not occur. For additional details on this rather seedy arrangement read our article on the topic: Why The Law Forbids The Medicinal Use of Natural Substances.

Here at GreenMedInfo.com, we have reviewed over 5,000 study abstracts from the National Library of Medicine’s bibliographic database known as MEDLINE and have discovered over 600 potential health benefits of turmeric, and/or its primary polyphenol known as curcumin. These can be viewed on our turmeric research page which is dedicated to disseminating the research on the topic to a larger audience.

Some of the most amazing demonstrated properties include:

Again, what is so amazing is not that turmeric may have value in dozens of health conditions simultaneously, or that it may improve conditions that are completely resistant to conventional treatment, but that there are over six hundred additional health conditions it may also be valuable in preventing and/or treating. Consider also the fact that turmeric grows freely on the Earth, and you will understand why its very existence threatens billions of dollars in pharmaceutical industry revenue.

Learn more about this research in the video below (keeping in mind that it is several years old and needing some updating), and please spread the information to others who may benefit from learning more on the topic.

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/600-reasons-turmeric-may-be-worlds-most-important-herb

Sources:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43815,"Mikal Vega is a former Navy SEAL & Chief Petty Officer— a 22 year military veteran who survived numerous dangerous combat operations and deployments only to be nearly killed by the cocktail of psychiatric drugs prescribed him by military doctors.

Now retired from the military, Mikal works to help Veterans overcome problems suffered in battle without the use of mind-altering psychiatric drugs or psychiatric labels. Currently Mikal is an actor who can be seen in such films as Transformers 3&4 and the web series Black – he uses his acting to help fund and promote his non-profit organization, Vital Warrior.

He was one of four individuals who received a human rights award from the mental health watchdog CCHR International, in Los Angeles recently, presented by CCHR Commissioners, Danny Masterson & Jason Dohring. Previous award winners include members of Congress, state legislators, attorneys, medical doctors, whistleblowers, and civil and human rights activists.

Former Navy Seal & Army Colonel Awarded for Fight Against Mass Drugging of Our Armed Forces

By Kelly Patricia O’Meara [1]

Citizens Commission on Human Rights International [1]

Excerpts:

In the wake of an epidemic of suicides among military personnel, retired Chief Petty Officer, Navy SEAL, Mikal Vega and retired Army Colonel and psychologist, Bart Billings don’t believe that “taking care of their own” ends on the battlefield and are courageously speaking out about the harm caused by the mass drugging of service men and women.

Coinciding with the mental health watchdog, Citizens Commission on Human Rights’ (CCHR) release of their documentary, The Hidden Enemy [2], which reveals in great detail psychiatry’s infiltration and abuse of military forces, CCHR honored Vega and Billings during its 45th Anniversary and Human Rights Awards Banquet on February 1st, in Los Angeles.

Vega and Billings were being honored for their advocacy on behalf of their brothers-in-arms who have experienced psychiatric abuses in the military. Each, in his own way, has gone above and beyond the call of duty, carrying the battlefield mantra of “no man is left behind” to the home front.

One in six American service members is on at least one psychiatric drug and between 2005-2011, the U.S. Department of Defense increased their prescription of psychiatric drugs by nearly seven times. That’s more than thirty times faster than the civilian rate. Last year, more service members died by suicide than in combat and 22 veterans are killing themselves every day.

Both of the award recipients are intimately familiar with the devastating rate of drugging going on in the military under the guise of “treatment.”

Retired Army Colonel and psychologist, Bart Billings, is no less passionate about the harm being inflicted upon the nation’s military. As one of the first professionals to disclose the link between psychotropic drug use and military suicides [3], Billings founded an annual International Military and Civilian Combat Stress Conference to promote effective, integrative, alternative and individual treatment approaches without the use of harmful psychiatric drugs.

Today’s military is being drugged at epidemic rates for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) which according to Billings is not a disorder at all. “PTSD isn’t a disorder,” said Billings. “Ninety-nine percent of anybody that goes into combat is experiencing Post Traumatic Stress. It’s a normal reaction to being in an abnormal environment.”

“You shouldn’t really be medicating them,” Billings stated, “because they have a normal brain and once you medicate these people, what happens is it’s much, much harder to work with them because now you’re working with somebody whose brain functioning is chemically, physiologically changed by the medications.”

Billings believes that the best mental health is found in a strong sense of involvement and caring, which leads to trust. Billings said, “In my 47 years of treating people, although I had access to using psychiatric medication, I never recommended a single psychiatric drug. In all these years, I can state unequivocally, I therefore never had a person commit suicide or a homicide while in my care.”

The problem is, explained Billings, “As long as psychiatry’s in-charge of mental health in the military, you’re not going to see much change. Because they feel obligated to medicate people.”

Together Billings and Vega have shown that there is a better, more humane, way to treat our returning warriors and veterans.

Read the Full Story here [1].

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

[4]

Free Shipping Available!

More Info [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32493,"[1]

Health Impact News Editor Comments:

One of the real tragedies in vaccine damaged children is that because the U.S. Government denies any link in vaccines causing autism, no research is ever conducted to find out why certain children suffer from autism after being vaccinated, even when the Vaccine Court rules in their favor. So as a result, the vaccines causing the problem continue to be marketed to all children, regardless of pre-existing conditions, and the rate of autism continues to climb. The government and medical system wants you to believe that vaccines are safe for everyone, and they refuse to examine or research why some children react differently to vaccines.

Research like this one published recently in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health, therefore, must be done with private funds and no help from the government. This study has identified key markers that make certain children more susceptible to the toxic effects of mercury in vaccines, which could help doctors determine who should be receiving certain vaccines, and who should not due to increased risk. Sadly, you are not likely to read this in the mainstream media, nor learn of it from your doctor.

Thimerosal Exposure and the Role of Sulfation Chemistry and Thiol Availability in Autism

International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health – August 2013

Abstract

Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a neurological disorder in which a significant number of the children experience a developmental regression characterized by a loss of previously acquired skills and abilities. Typically reported are losses of verbal, nonverbal, and social abilities. Several recent studies suggest that children diagnosed with an ASD have abnormal sulfation chemistry, limited thiol availability, and decreased glutathione (GSH) reserve capacity, resulting in a compromised oxidation/reduction (redox) and detoxification capacity. Research indicates that the availability of thiols, particularly GSH, can influence the effects of thimerosal (TM) and other mercury (Hg) compounds. TM is an organomercurial compound (49.55% Hg by weight) that has been, and continues to be, used as a preservative in many childhood vaccines, particularly in developing countries. Thiol-modulating mechanisms affecting the cytotoxicity of TM have been identified. Importantly, the emergence of ASD symptoms post-6 months of age temporally follows the administration of many childhood vaccines. The purpose of the present critical review is provide mechanistic insight regarding how limited thiol availability, abnormal sulfation chemistry, and decreased GSH reserve capacity in children with an ASD could make them more susceptible to the toxic effects of TM routinely administered as part of mandated childhood immunization schedules. Read the Full Study online FREE: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3774468/ [2]

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

[3]

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info [3]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33198,"If you were to come across Mt. Rushmore while hiking through the hills of South Dakota, having no prior knowledge of the structure, which statement is more ""scientific"" and which one requires a lot of faith? 1. Some intelligent being designed this. 2. Wind and erosion over millions of years created this. If you choose #1 as the statement most ""scientific"" (with no guessing or conjecture as to who made the design), then you would be labeled as an idiot trying to force your religious beliefs on others by 21st scientists when applying the same scientific reasoning to other things found in nature. If you choose #2, however, starting with the presupposition that #1 cannot be true, you have now created a new belief system from which to develop your theories or origins upon. This new religion, fueled mainly by Darwinism, is Scientism. Scientism is the basis of much of western culture today. It gave us eugenics, for example, and was responsible for the medical tyranny that unfolded in Nazi Germany leading up to World War II. What few people today realize, however, is that the foundations of the religion of Scientism is bringing about medical tyranny in many of the same ways as they unfolded in Nazi Germany, today right here in the United States. If you want to understand #1, however, you need to study Intelligent Design. Intelligent Design (ID) is a branch of science which is constantly under attack today, and labeled as ""religion"" or something else it is not. ID is quite different from ""Creationism."" Creationism moves beyond the observation of scientific facts and makes statements as who the Creator is, such as what is written in the Bible (a worthy topic of study in and of itself!) ID does not deal with the ""who,"" but leaves that up to religion. David Klinghoffer of the Discovery Institute writes about the prejudices against ID by those who have never even studied it: ""We Don't Have to Listen to the Evidence Because...""",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21984,"NVIC Questions FDA Fast Tracking of Squalene Adjuvanted Flu Vaccine

by The Vaccine Reaction

The non-profit National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) is questioning the basis for the fast tracked licensure by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) of a squalene-adjuvanted influenza vaccine for use in seniors over age 65. The Novartis MF59 adjuvanted Fluad vaccine was approved for accelerated licensure by the FDA Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee (VRBPAC) on Sept. 15, 2015 primarily using limited immunogenicity and safety evidence from a small clinical trial in which only about 1,000 healthy Americans over age 65 were given the adjuvanted vaccine.1 2

“Novartis failed to demonstrate that squalene adjuvanted Fluad was more effective or safer than an unadjuvanted influenza vaccine in the small clinical trial being used to justify accelerated licensure. In fact, Fluad was shown to be far more reactive and, in some studies, the vaccine was associated with even more serious reactions in the elderly when given a second time,” said NVIC Co-founder and President Barbara Loe Fisher.

At public comment time, Fisher asked the FDA advisory committee, “Why does Fluad need to be fast tracked to licensure for the elderly without additional evidence? There is public concern that fast tracking Fluad is really about fast tracking MF59 to licensure so it can be added to lots of new vaccines targeting infants, pregnant women and every American without adequate evidence for safety or effectiveness.”3

Before the FDA advisory committee had taken a vote on whether Novartis had demonstrated the safety and effectiveness of Fluad in seniors, agency officials indicated they would approve accelerated licensure of the vaccine even though fast tracking is supposed to be reserved for instances when there are vaccine shortages. There are nine influenza vaccines licensed by the FDA as safe and effective for seniors, including two high dose options, and the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) estimates more than 170 million doses of influenza vaccine will be delivered to the U.S. market for the 2015-2016 flu season.4

Although MF59 is bioactive and designed to stimulate a strong immune response, FDA does not require that vaccine adjuvants be proven safe in a placebo controlled trial and they are not licensed separately.5 Fluad will be the first influenza vaccine licensed in the U.S. containing squalene, a controversial oil in water adjuvant that has been linked with development of autoimmunity, narcolepsy and other immune and neurological disorders.6

In her Sept. 15 public statement at the FDA advisory committee meeting, Fisher pointed out that the Novartis clinical trial did not provide sufficient evidence for fast track licensure of Fluad when:

It is known that responses to vaccination are affected by genetic factors and only 30 percent of the Fluad study population was ethnically representative of U.S. seniors over age 65;

The majority of Fluad study participants did not have heart, lung and kidney disease or other chronic health conditions that affect two-thirds of U.S. seniors, although chronically ill seniors will be recipients of Fluad after licensure;

Fluad produced a much higher number of pain, tenderness, redness and swelling reports; a higher number of systemic adverse reaction reports and more deaths and cases of new onset chronic disease;

The study did not evaluate the safety of giving repeated doses of squalene adjuvanted Fluad year after year to seniors with multiple chronic conditions;

There is no information on how Fluad performs when given simultaneously with other vaccines (such as pneumococcal vaccine).

NVIC is a charitable educational organization founded in 1982 to prevent vaccine injuries and deaths through public education. It does not make vaccine use recommendations and advocates for the inclusion of informed consent protections in U.S. vaccine policies and laws. NVIC monitors vaccine science, policy and law and provides public comment at federal vaccine advisory committee meetings.

Read the full article here.

More News on the Flu Vaccine.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com

References:

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24115,"Pennsylvania mother Jessica Battiato is frustrated with a doctor and a system that refuses to look for the medical cause of her baby's condition, instead placing the blame on the parents. Since her son Cesar, now 5 months old, was taken by child protective services 2 months ago, her son has been diagnosed with rickets and hypotonia by a radiology expert. However, CPS seized custody of Cesar in April, based on accusations by Penn State child abuse specialist, Dr. Kathryn Crowell, that Cesar's injuries could only be caused by abuse. Dr. Crowell has been accused of falsely testifying against parents before. In a 2009 case she accused a parent of child abuse which led to a father spending over a year in jail. A jury later overturned the conviction. Jessica wants answers for her baby, and she wants her baby back home, not in a foster home. ""My son needs medical attention. He doesn't need to be neglected by the state.""",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24230,"by Alliance for Natural Health

Or, to be more precise, demanding that supplement companies do it on their orders. Action Alert!

The US Food and Drug Administration has recently issued warning letters to two different supplement companies. Here is what triggered one of them: supplement company AMARC Enterprises “liked” a Facebook customer testimonial about how their product helped “keep […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33145,"by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

With the blockbuster cholesterol-lowering class of drugs known as statins being widely promoted for the primary prevention of cardiovascular disease, despite their having over 300 documented adverse health effects (including heart failure!), how does chocolate sound as a viable, heart-friendly alternative?

We already connect amorously with chocolate (to the tune of 6 billion lbs of cocoa consumed annually worldwide), revealing in heart-felt expressions like “I love it,” and “this is to die for!” how comfortable we are with publicly declaring our affection. But did you know that while it makes our emotional hearts sing, it may actually keep our physical hearts happy, alive and ticking longer, as well?

Indeed, back in 2006, researchers found that for elderly men, cocoa intake was inversely associated with blood pressure and 15-year cardiovascular and all-cause mortality. When compared with the lowest tertile (lowest 33%) of cocoa intake, the adjusted relative risk for men in the highest tertile was .50 for cardiovascular mortality, or a 50% reduction, and .53 for all-cause mortality, or a 47% reduction. Not bad considering the median cocoa intake among users was 2.11 grams per day, or just one half an ounce a week.

Anything that can reduce your risk of dying from all causes by 50%, which is not an expensive and potentially dangerous drug, but a food, should be be taken seriously, even if — paradoxically — it is usually found in the candy section of the grocery store.

There is no shortage of solid, human clinical research supporting the consumption of cocoa, the signature ingredient in chocolate, for the reduction of both cardiovascular disease risk factors, and “hard” cardiovascular outcomes, e.g. hypertension, endothelial dysfunction, insulin resistance, low HDL, stroke, cardiac mortality, etc. GreenMedInfo.com has made 30 such studies available to view on its cocoa page.

The remarkable thing about the research on chocolate is that its consumption appears to improve the pathological condition of the blood vessels known as endothelial dysfunction, and which is believed to be at the root of the problem of plaque accumulation in the arteries, as well as elevated blood lipids. Statins may in fact exert their greatly exaggerated health benefits not by suppressing lipids (as popularly advertised), but by acting as a mild vasodilator through enhancing nitric oxide concentrations in the lining of the blood vessels (endothelium). Statins, however, are produced from chemicals, and therefore guarantee a certain degree of collateral poisoning will take place, whereas chocolate has a long history of safe use both as a food and a medicine. Chocolate has also been extensively researched for effectively lowering blood pressure in those who consume it, which is still considered one of the best ways to reduce cardiovascular disease risk, and which drug-based blood pressure medications are notoriously ineffective at, since they may actually raise cardiac mortality even while effectively lowering blood pressure. In a similar way, statins may effectively suppress blood lipids while at the same time weakening the heart muscle.

Some of cocoa/chocolate’s other potential health benefits include:

Inhibiting Accelerated Aging – Not only has the preference for chocolate in older age been linked with better health, optimism and better psychological well-being, but it has also been shown in the fruit fly-based experimental model of aging to have antioxidative, pro-oxidative, and metal-chelating effects associated with increased lifespan. Moreover, research in women shows that long-term ingestion of favanol-rich chocolate (raw chocolate is especially rich in these compounds) protects against UV-induced skin redness and improves their skin condition.

Protecting Against Alzheimers – Cocoa procyanidins attenuate lipid peroxidation associated neuronal cell death in a manner relevant to Alzheimer’s disease.

Reducing Stress (Elevated Catecholamines) – Daily consumption of 40 grams of chocolate during a 2 week period reduces the urinary excretion of cortisol and catecholamines, while reducing other metabolic indicators of stress, including gut microbial metabolism.

Inhibiting Cholesterol Oxidation – Rather than fixating on the absolute number of lipoproteins or cholesterol within the blood (quantitiative analysis) it makes sense to ensure that those lipids don’t undergo excessive oxidize (qualitative analysis) which is associated with injury to the blood vessels and the formation of atherosclerotic plaque. More than a few studies have found that chocolate prevents LDL cholesterol oxidation, while also boosting the beneficial HDL cholesterol

Boosting Cognitive Performance – Chocolate, along with flavonoid-rich red wine and tea, were shown to boost cognitive performance in elderly men and women, with the maximum effect at intacts of 10g/d, or the equivalent of 2 ½ ounces a week.

Inhibiting Cancer – Llimited, though significant research indicates that cocoa is capable of inhibiting certain types of cancer. The growth of prostate cancer cells have been selectively inhibited with cocoa polyphenols, and animal research indicates that cocoa liquor is capable of inhibiting chemically-induced liver cancer.

Improving Diabetes – New research from the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition has revealed that the consumption of chocolate, or its active constituents (cocoa, flavan-3-ols), reduces a broad range of risk factors for cardiovascular disease including insulin resistance. The researchers looked at 42 acute and long-term studies and found a 33% median reduction in insulin resistance following chocolate consumption. What is so unique about this new study is that chocolate consumption is generally believed to elevate blood sugar and blood insulin levels; not only does it disprove this myth but it sheds additional light on why chocolate consumption (especially dark, organic) may be beneficial in bothtype 1 and type 2 diabetes.

Boosting Sexual Function – Chocolate is an excellent vasodilator, which is one reason why it has been traditionally linked to improved fertility and virility. Research also indicates thatchocolate consumption is linked to higher sexual function in women, as well.

This is only a sampling from the research we have gathered on chocolate/cocoa’s potential heatlh benefits, of which there are several dozen.

Lastly, any serious discussion on the medicinal properties of chocolate should be qualified by pointing out that chocolate is often unfairly traded, and has even been linked to child enslavement. Non-organic cocoa may also contain residues of the dangerous herbicide glyphosate (the active ingredient in Roundup), among many other biocides used in conventional farming, so the consumer must take special care to avoid these moral and physiological pitfalls. Also, because chocolate has complex pharmacologically active properties, it must be consumed in moderation, and with attention paid towards the tendency for using it to self-medicate, especially when the cocoa content is lower and the sugar content higher.

Read the Full Article and Comment Here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/chocolate-gives-statins-29-billion-run-their-money

Grass-fed Beef, Grass-fed Bison, Grass-fed Lamb, and Pastured Poultry!

Order online – delivered to you!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32213,"by Christina England, B.A. Hons

Health Impact News

In 1990, the recruitment of soldiers commenced for preparation to fight against Iraq in the Gulf War. On January 4, 1991, mass vaccination programs began, supposedly to protect the soldiers against the chemical warfare with which they may or may not come into contact.

The soldiers reported being vaccinated with several vaccinations. In a witness statement, Mr. Richard Turnbull told the court that he had received the following vaccinations and a few that he could not remember:

Anthrax

Bubonic Plague

Cholera

Typhoid

Yellow Fever

Hepatitis A

Hepatitis B

Meningitis

We know that this list of vaccines should have also included the now discontinued MMR vaccination, Pluserix and the pertussis vaccination.

This is because the original supply agreement between the UK government and SmithKline & French shows that SmithKline & French agreed to distribute 1,400,000 Pluserix vaccinations (Urabe MMR) to the UK for use on the UK’s babies and the armed forces.

The agreement, which was signed in August 1988, stated:

This Agreement’s designated contract reference is N1D0288. SK&F have agreed to supply and NHS have agreed to purchase for onward sale to United Kingdom Health Authorities and the Armed Forces 1,400,000 doses of “Pluserix” (Measles, Mumps, Rubella) vaccine at a cost of 3.80 per dose (exclusive of value added tax) to NHS of as NHS shall require to facilitate the United Kingdom Measles, Mumps and Rubella vaccination campaign which commences on 3rd October 1988. The supply of vaccine shall be upon the terms of this agreement.

Many vaccinations given to the soldiers were both untested and unlicensed. According to research, the UK government felt the necessity to vaccinate their armed forces with vaccinations that were untested and, therefore, potentially unsafe. See: Proof Armed Forces are Given Untested and Experimental Vaccines.

When Iraq invaded Kuwait in August 1990, a coalition was initially formed to prevent further Iraqi aggression and subsequently liberate Kuwait itself.

From the outset, it was known that the Iraqi regime had been seeking to acquire weapons of mass destruction. The large number of casualties resulting from Iraq’s use of chemical weapons during the Iran-Iraq war of the 1980s, and the attack on Halabja in Northern Iraq in March 1988, showed that Iraq possessed a chemical warfare (CW) capability and that Saddam Hussein was prepared to use it–both in battle and also against large centers of civilian population.

The military vaccination program was one of the defense systems that was put in place to protect the UK (and other) troops from both the threat of chemical warfare agents and the weapons of mass destruction that Saddam Hussein was supposed to have and would likely use against them in the First Gulf War. See: Reports and Memoranda- Background to the use of Medical Countermeasures to protect British forces during the Gulf War (Operation Granby).

As it turned out, the vaccines that were given to these men and women were probably as dangerous as the chemical warfare would have been, and many of the men and women have since reported lasting effects from the chemicals and toxins with which they were vaccinated.

When you read the harrowing stories of what these brave men and women went through, and what they were given to “protect” them from chemical warfare, the true enormity of what these governments have forced their troops to take and the massive impact this must have had on their bodies becomes evident.

One veteran, Mr. Richard Turnbull, reported in his witness statement for an Independent Public Inquiry into Gulf War Illness in 2004 that the vaccinations were not given as single injections but in vials that contained two or three vaccinations at a time.

Mr. Turnbull said:

I am 52 years old. I served in the Royal Air Force for 18 [sic] where I served at RSAF Dharan in the job of NBC COLPRO, collective protection shelter erection. On 4 January 1991 everyone in the camp at Dharan was ordered to attend for inoculations with the stipulation that non-attendance would be met with disciplinary action. When we attended the next morning for these inoculations, we were given no information at all about what we were receiving. We were given no chance to ask about possible side effects to the massive number of injections they were planning to give us.

As mentioned, many of the vaccines given to the innocent young men and women at the time were either unlicensed or untested products. One paper, written in August 1990 by the Ministry of Defence, stated how soldiers should receive the anthrax vaccination:

Point 2 The efficiency of the vaccine can be enhanced by the simultaneous administration of a licensed whooping cough vaccine or an unlicensed adjuvant subject to availability of these items. There is animal evidence that protection is not only enhanced but extended by these combinations to include the so-called “Vaccine resistant strains.”

The wording of this paper suggests that the soldiers were being given vaccinations that were previously untested on humans.

According to point 5b:

Additional doses would require vaccine production to be rescheduled. A run of experimental Whooping Cough Vaccine would have to be postponed with the approval of the DoH (Department of Health).

Point 5d stated:

To speed up this process License Variation or even Crown Privilege would need to be sought.

The Ministry of Defence (MoD) paper makes extremely disturbing reading and yet these practices were being used on young men and women who had offered their lives to serve their country.

On July 12, 2004, Mr. Shaun Rusling, Vice Chairman of the National Gulf Veterans and Families Association, stated:

I was given routine vaccinations–hepatitis B, hepatitis A, polio, yellow fever, tetanus, meningococcal C … I was given further hepatitis B and cholera vaccinations and three other vaccinations, which I was advised, were biological. It must be noted that none of the vaccinations, routine or otherwise, were recorded on my F Med 4 medical documentation despite my documents being present at the time of vaccination in the UK …

He added:

Vaccinations and medications you were given for the Gulf War were classified secret; therefore, they would not be recorded …

He continued:

In 1997 the MoD admitted that a facsimile was sent by the Department of Health to the MoD advising the MoD of concerns and anxieties over giving anthrax vaccine in conjunction with the whooping cough (pertussis). At the time of the admission of this fact the MoD stated they did not know who had sent the fax and did not know who received it at the MoD. This was an untruth. The fax was from Dr. Jeremy Metters, Department of Health, to the Secretary of State for Defence. … [Organophosphates] had been purchased in Saudi Arabia with Arabic instructions, which led to the wrong concentrations being put down in troop areas.

See:

It is difficult for anyone to truly comprehend what the soldiers endured. It appears that, instead of being protected, these brave men and women were used solely as guinea pigs to test out various vaccines, chemicals and poisons. Is it really surprising that they are suffering ill effects many years later?

US Military Also Received Untested and Unlicensed Vaccines Including the Anthrax Vaccine

The UK government were not the only government to order their armed forces to receive the anthrax vaccination, as part of their regime.

According to the documentary Direct Order, the anthrax vaccination was routinely given to every member of the US military and according to a number of soldiers featured in the documentary, any soldier who refused this particular vaccination could end up in jail for disobeying an order.

The documentary, which was released in 2010, states:

Since 1998 we have given the mandatory anthrax vaccinations to over 600,000 of our young men and women serving in the military. Extensive research has revealed that many of them have died. Reports are that thousands more are ill. Doctors say that these people suffer from Gulf War syndrome; the military tells us that is an emotional ailment. We do know that the vaccine given them was not approved by the FDA and we do know that refusal to take the shots has resulted in dishonourable discharge, fines and prison. We do know that mandatory anthrax vaccinations are set to continue.

This documentary leaves us in no doubt, that hundreds of thousands of US servicemen and women have been used by their government as part of an ongoing human experiment and a large number of personal testaments, outlined the pain and suffering that this experiment has caused.

Technical Sergeant Jeff Moore, Air Force Reserve, stated:

I didn’t know about the anthrax shots during the Gulf War. In September 99 President Clinton sent executive order 13139 that allows DoD (Department of Defense) to experiment on us without our signed consent or knowledge.

He continued:

The crew were pulled aside and told to march into this tent, they were told that they were going to be given a shot, it was classified, they had to do it livestock and they were not to talk about it and there were not supposed to be any side effects from it and the shot would not be entered in their shot records.

Sergeant Moore was one of the many who suffered an adverse reaction from this vaccine.

Dr. Garth L. Nicolson’s Research into Vaccine Gulf War Syndrome Link

Dr. Garth L. Nicolson is the President, Chief Scientific Officer and Research Professor of Molecular Pathology at the Institute for Molecular Medicine in Huntington Beach, California. He is also a Conjoint Professor at the University of Newcastle (Australia). He was formerly the David Bruton Jr. Chair in Cancer Research and Professor and Chairman of the Department of Tumor Biology at the University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, and he was Professor of Internal Medicine and Professor of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at the University of Texas Medical School at Houston. He was also Professor of Comparative Pathology at Texas A & M University. Professor Nicolson has published over 640 medical and scientific papers, including editing 20 books, and he has served on the Editorial Boards of 30 medical and scientific journals and was a Senior Editor of four of these. The complete resume of his academic career up to this point is 74 pages in length.

Dr. Garth L. Nicolson’s expertise in the area of vaccine contamination was enhanced by being a medical investigator in over 1000 cases of Gulf War syndrome. He was appointed Chairman of the Medical-Scientific Panel for the Persian Gulf War Veterans Conference. He served as authority to the United States House of Representatives, and for his service he was conferred honorary Colonel of the US Army Special Forces and honorary US Navy SEAL.

Dr. Nicolson, in a lecture in 2008 which can be found on YouTube, stated that the number one source of Gulf War illnesses were the microbes that military personnel received as contaminates in the vaccines they were given prior to being deployed to the Persian Gulf.

Most military personnel received 20 to 30 vaccines during a 2 to 3 day period prior to being deployed for the first Gulf War. He explained:

“It was very wrong to do this. It is very immunosuppressive to give all those vaccinations in a short period of time. It makes people very susceptible to super infections or to being infected by a contaminant in the vaccine.”

To read more about Dr. Nicolson’s research see:

President Clinton Executive Order 13139 Revealed

Sure enough, meticulous research has revealed that President Clinton did indeed authorize and sign a document on September 30, 1999, titled Executive Order 13139, which stated:

Section 1. Policy. Military personnel deployed in particular military operations could potentially be exposed to a range of chemical, biological, and radiological weapons as well as diseases endemic to an area of operations. It is the policy of the United States Government to provide our military personnel with safe and effective vaccines, antidotes, and treatments that will negate or minimize the effects of these health threats.

The document indicated that many of the vaccinations, antidotes and treatments that were to be given to the servicemen and women were not only unapproved by the FDA but were also classified as “Investigational New Drugs.”

If this is true, then these vaccinations, antidotes and treatments were far from safe, and what we found to be even more shocking was the fact that, section 3 of the document did indeed give the DoD permission to use these “so-called preventions” without the signed consent of military personnel.

What is Gulf War Syndrome?

The symptoms reported by veterans and listed on the Environmental Illness Resource (EIR) website are as follows:

fatigue

persistent headaches

muscle aches/pains

neurological symptoms e.g. tingling and numbness in limbs

cognitive dysfunction – short term memory loss, poor concentration, inability to take in information

mood and sleep disturbances – depression, anxiety, insomnia

dermatological symptoms – skin rashes, unusual hair loss

respiratory symptoms – persistent coughing, bronchitis, asthma

chemical sensitivities

gastrointestinal symptoms – diarrhea, constipation, nausea, bloating

cardiovascular symptoms

menstrual symptoms

Interestingly, the EIR also stated that:

6. Vaccinations – Troops sent to the Gulf were given a large cocktail of vaccinations in a short period of time. In total, US servicemen may have received as many as 17 different vaccines, including live vaccines (polio and yellow fever) as well as experimental vaccines that had not been approved (anthrax, botulinum toxoid) and were of doubtful efficacy. In the UK, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has declared only 10 vaccines given but reports from veterans and official documents seem to tell a different story. A large 2002 study of 900 veterans found a strong correlation between the anthrax vaccine and subsequent ill health. The study indicated that those who received anthrax vaccines reported more adverse reactions than those who did not receive the anthrax vaccine. It also found that the more severe any initial reaction to the vaccine was, the more severe long term health effects were. A lot of recent research has involved studying the effects of vaccines that use pertussis, the bacteria responsible for whooping cough, as an adjunct. It has been proposed that the use of pertussis as an adjuvant could trigger neurodegeneration by increasing secretion of certain immune chemicals, such as interleukin-1beta, in the brain. In turn, brain lesions may be sustained by stress or neurotoxic chemical combinations Pertussis vaccine was used in the gulf “off-label,” which means it wasn’t approved to be used on servicemen as it was. Its use in the Gulf War can thus be classed as experimental. The manufacturers of pertussis were not advised of this unlicensed use. Dr. Philip F. Incao of Denver, Colorado provides what may be an explanation of why some people given this cocktail of vaccinations remained healthy while the health of others was sent into decline resulting in chronic illness. Dr. Incao explains that the immune system and mechanism by which vaccinations work, is much more complicated than was thought until recently. Rather than stimulating the whole immune system against a certain pathogen, vaccinations only stimulate the humoral, or Th2, branch of the immune system which is responsible for producing antibodies that recognize pathogens as invaders. Over activation of the Th2 mediated immune response leads to allergic and autoimmune disease. Dr. Incao suggests that giving vaccinations to people whose immune systems are already Th2 dominant will exacerbate exiting conditions and may lead to what we know as Gulf War syndrome. A large body of research seems to confirm this, showing that those veterans with Gulf War syndrome tend to have an immune system shifted towards a Th2 response.

Read a full explanation from Dr. Incao here.

It is clear from all of these reports that large numbers of military personnel, both in the UK and in the US, were given a large quantity of unlicensed and untested vaccinations by their governments, which has ultimately resulted in many of them suffering from long term illnesses, disability and, in some cases, death.

For more information, please read Vaccination Policy and the UK Government: The Untold Truth by Research Journalist Christina England and Lucija Tomljenovic Ph.D., available on Amazon UK and Amazon US.

See Also:

Health Impact News Editor Comments

As Christina England was writing this expose the past week, Polly Tommey, one of the producers and part of the VAXXED film team, filmed an interview with Sherrie Saunders, a former military medic and now whistleblower regarding military vaccines.

Sherrie discovered that the animal protein in the anthrax vaccine was causing Gulf War syndrome in some soldiers, some who even died. When she reported it to her commander, she got a visit from someone in Washington, D.C. and was told to keep quiet about it.

She is no longer keeping quiet. Listen to this interview which is going viral on the Internet:

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

See Also:

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33095,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

A Navy veteran is in the fight of her life to get her 7 children back home and out of foster care. While Roxanne Binkley was having to move her family from hotel to hotel after finding that their rental home was making them all sick, Child and Youth Services of Pennsylvania (CYS) stepped in and seized the children in January 2016.

When Roxanne realized that her children were becoming sick because of the condition of the rental house, she sought to get her children out of the bad environment.

That is not the way that CYS of Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, sees it. In their petition to the court, CYS accuses Roxanne of being “unable to assure the children’s safety and well being.” The petition alleges that the children:

missed school due to medical issues that are not confirmed by medical provider. Transient family-moving from hotel to hotel. She is struggling to provide for their basic needs. Absent effective preventative services foster care is the planned placement for these children. Continuation in the home is contrary to safety, welfare and best interests of the children and placement in foster care is necessary.

7 Children Seized because Mother Moved them out of a Moldy House

Roxanne and her children began experiencing odd symptoms after moving into a rental home. She discovered that the house that had an unclean ventilation system which wasn’t properly filtering the fiberglass particles from the insulation. Particles of fiberglass and hidden mold were everywhere. The children became sick with fevers, skin rashes and skin pain that turned out to be infections from hidden mold and particles of fiberglass that had gotten embedded in their skin.

When Roxanne went to a doctor to try to figure out what was causing the mysterious rashes, the secretary in the doctor’s office called CYS to report that Roxanne seemed to be “schizophrenic” because she was picking at her skin on her arms. However, Dr. Riptinski documented the fact there was actually glass in the skin on her arms. Subsequently, the case worker Cindy Corning met with the children and unfounded the report. Unfortunately, that accusation was enough to get them into the system.

After that, another report was made by the ex-wife of Roxanne’s partner who claimed to CYS that the children were not eating. A school principal was interviewed who said that Lorraine Gutierrez was the new investigator. The children were all picked up without warning from their schools one afternoon and taken into the state’s custody.

Children Have Medical Problems which Allegedly Worsen in State Care, Vaccinated Against Will

Roxanne explained that she works very hard to feed her children appropriate diets that accommodate gluten intolerance and type 1 diabetes in her children without making anyone feel different because of it. She prepares meals from scratch and uses ingredients that are healthy for everyone.

The children’s dietary needs are reportedly not being met now that they are in foster care.

At the time the children were taken into state care, Lorna – age 7 – was being treated for MRSA but was nearly through the medicine and was healing. She also has type 1 diabetes, which in Roxanne’s care was kept in remission with a proper diet.

After being in the state’s care, Lorna had to be hospitalized for her diabetes, which is back and now she has to take insulin daily. Her diet is not being observed. She has been traumatized by the hospital stay.

In addition to the lack of proper diet, the children have been forced to have vaccines against Roxanne’s will and against her religious exemption, which is allowed in the state of Pennsylvania.

Roxanne’s son Gavin is not allowed to see his siblings and is being kept separate from everyone else in his family.

The children are scared and confused and just want to go home. Trauma is child abuse and taking children away from good parents is child abuse.

Now the state is planning to adopt them out.

Mother’s Desperate Plea – “Please Stop Traumatizing my Babies”

In a letter she has written to everyone she can think of in Pennsylvania who might have some power to help, Roxanne explains that the case worker, Lorraine Gutierrez, is not doing her job and as a result her children are suffering in the care of their abusive paternal grandparents.

Roxanne says,

Having had the medical doctor excuses for the children’s absences from school in her hands the morning of the shelter care hearing, the night before agreeing with me, in front of two witnesses, that the allegations were indeed contradictory and promising she would reassess and bring it to her supervisors before going into the court room, she proved herself a liar by never even looking at the medical documentation, continuing on with the hearing and breaking her word.

Roxanne continues,

The constant disregard of my concerns and the valuable information I have, as their mother, I believe my children to be neglected in placement through CYS, where before they were properly and adequately cared for and loved.

Out of frustration, in a letter to the case worker, Roxanne writes:

Ms. Gutierrez, As I stated in the beginning of this mess: you took my children right before several appointments. Many of them need their eyes checked. I have always taken them to lens-crafters. One of the children broke their glasses beyond repair the night before your elaborate heist. The others either need updated prescriptions, or a new pair anyway. Except for Faye. Faye’s eyes still test at 20/20. I would like to remind you that I am NOT in agreement with any shots of any kind at this time. This is expressly against my most deeply felt religious and spiritual feelings. Also, if you will do the research, if the patient has NOT been consuming gluten during the past 30 days any testing to determine gluten intolerance or allergy tests will be invalid. Tests on children are not reliable to begin with. However, if you and Kathy do the food elimination diet and journal, that would be much more reliable and LESS TRAUMATIC for the children. Please stop traumatizing my babies. They are miserable enough. You have done enough damage. Sincerely,

Roxanne Binkley P.S. You have now in your records 3 drug screens in a row. I will consider it harrassment if you continue to ask without just cause. I remind you, I had tried to give you all of their health information – you refused to take notes, or contact any of the references I gave.

State Set’s Up Mother to Fail: Wants to Put Roxanne’s Children up for Adoption

Roxanne reports that CYS has asked the court for the children to be placed up for adoption if she fails to complete her permanency plan by July 28, 2016.

The permanency plan entails a very long list of tasks.

As previously explained by Health Impact News, these tasks can be burdensome and unreasonable (See: CPS Kidnaps 11 Children from Texas Homeschool Family [3]):

When one thinks of “services” being “offered,” the implication of the words are that they are helpful benefits that one may either accept or refuse. Not so with CPS services. Few Americans realize what these taxpayer-funded services actually are, and most believe that their purpose is simply to help struggling families. However, as many families from all over the nation report to Health Impact News, the “services” that CPS “offer” seem to amount to tyranny, slavery, and blackmail to them. The underlying threat is: Submit, or lose your children. Other parents and attorneys have described them as being the equivalent of a fishing expedition. When CPS doesn’t have enough grounds to take or keep the children, services are ordered in order to “catch” the parents in something that they can use.

The plan that Roxanne is required to meet seems to follow this pattern.

Despite the fact that Roxanne has never had any drug addictions or problems with drugs, she has been ordered to take drug tests every week, and so far they have all been negative. She feels that they are attempting to build a case accusing her of being a drug addict and claiming that she is using her child support for purchasing drugs – because they have no legitimate basis for taking the children away. She believes that they are intentionally harassing her by continuing to require more drug tests when drug abuse has never been an issue for her.

In what appears to be a contradictory requirement, the state may require her to take drugs that they want her to take. She is ordered to have a bio-psycho-social evaluation and take whatever medications are prescribed to her as a result of that testing, despite never having had any mental health issues.

The CYS permanency plan requires Roxanne to have a Parenting Capacity Assessment as well as to attend all parenting classes assigned to her.

She is also required to attend all classes to control her alleged anger and to complete counseling for her anger. On top of all of the classes and testing and counseling they ordered, she must cooperate with CYS case workers and sign any releases so that the case worker can communicate with all mental health providers.

In addition, she is required to apply for child support despite the fact that she was already getting child support. She must secure income by getting a job and must verify that income to the case worker regularly. She must secure a lease on a place to live. And she must cooperate and “refrain from mistreating anyone.” (There is no evidence that she has mistreated anyone.)

Children are Begging to Go Home to Their Mother, Continuing to Suffer in State Care

All seven children continue to deteriorate in foster care. CYS is reportedly making plans to put the children up for adoption.

Roxanne is doing everything the state is asking. All of her children are reportedly suffering, stressed, and traumatized. Their grades are slipping and their health is declining.

Roxanne’s pleas for her children seem to be falling on deaf ears. Her children are begging to go home. Each one has a precious and unique personality, all artists and poets. They are allegedly being traumatized and suffering in foster care, possibly destroying their faith in humanity forever.

How You Can Help

Roxanne needs legal help, prayer, and for people to stand up and tell the State of Pennsylvania to let the Binkley children go home.

Poverty is not a crime in this country. Poverty is not, and should never be, a standard by which we deem parents qualified, and yet in Roxanne’s case it appears to be the only reason her children were taken away by the State.

The governor of Pennsylvania is Tom Wolf [4]. He can be contacted here [5]. His Facebook page is here [6].

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com [7]

Support the cause of Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

[8]

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here! [8]

[9]

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here! [8]

Also available as eBook:

[10]

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32678,"by Dr. Mercola

An Illinois beekeeper whose bee hives were stolen and allegedly destroyed by the Illinois Department of Agriculture has stirred up a hornet’s nest with his questions on why the state did this, and most importantly, what they did with his bees.

The state claims the bees were destroyed because they were infected with […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24585,"by B Nowak [1]

CoconutOil.com Comments [1]

My daughter told me about coconut oil after I started suffering severe and disturbing memory loss and brain fog to the point that I could barely have a conversation with anyone.

I’ve been using it for over a year now and am very pleased to be myself again. The fog is gone and I’m able to drive safely again. I’ve been able to resume my hobbies: knitting and crochet because I can read and remember the patterns now.

I use 3 or 4 TBSP per day, stirred into my coffee. I use organic virgin coconut oil which I order online because my small town doesn’t have it.

Over time, I found an additional benefit: my joints have stopped cracking all the time and I’m much more flexible once again.

I’m 65 years old. My father died after a long struggle with Alzheimer’s Disease. Therefore, I am dedicated to trying to avoid developing it myself now that they have discovered there is likely a genetic link to the disease.

To anyone who decides to try the oil, be patient. Not everyone has a rapid response. It was almost a week until I noticed a difference, and a month before I actually felt “normal”. Best wishes to anyone struggling with memory loss or who has a loved one who is struggling with it.

Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Research [1]

See Also:

Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease

A Holistic Guide to Geriatric Care – eBook

[3]

In this book we look at the problems and causes of Alzheimer’s as they are related to an epidemic of prescription drugs being marketed to seniors, and we look at the strong evidence for dietary intervention, starting with coconut oil.

We bring you the stories of 10 different families who saw Alzheimer’s lessened or reversed by adding coconut oil to their diet, which is representative of thousands of others who are experiencing similar results. We offer guidelines on usage and types of coconut oil to consider, as well as other non-drug tips for holistic geriatric care.

Our target audience is the millions of caregivers out there loving caring for our senior population who will find it difficult to get this information from their doctors or medical professionals not trained in these areas.

Read Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease on your mobile device!

$$1.99

[4]

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[6]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [6]

[7]

[8]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32837,"[1]

By Dr. Mercola [1]

Environmental pollution is a significant problem. But while most of the focus is placed on polluting industries, toxins like mercury and small particle traffic pollution, a major source of environmental devastation is caused by modern food production. Far from being life sustaining, our modern chemical-dependent farming methods:

Strip soil of nutrients

Destroy critical soil microbes

Contribute to desertification and global climate change [2] , and

, and Saturate farmlands with toxic pesticides, herbicides and fertilizers that then migrate into ground water, rivers, lakes and oceans.

For example, many areas of Minnesota, which is prime farmland, now face the problem of having dangerously elevated levels of nitrogen [3] in their drinking water.

The conversion of grasslands and pastures into chemical-driven, industrial crop land has eliminated much of the natural filtering of ground water that such native landscapes typically provide. Health risks of nitrogen include a potential connection to cancer, as well as thyroid and reproductive problems in both humans and livestock.

Looming Fertilizer Shortage Could Spell the End of Modern Agriculture

Modern fertilizer consists of varying amounts of nitrogen (N), phosphorus (P) and potassium (K). These three are believed to be essential for plants to grow, (below, I’ll discuss why NPK may not be as necessary as we think.), and are extracted from the soil with each harvest.

This is why farmers spread fertilizer on their fields, to replace the nutrients lost. It’s certainly not the ideal and sustainable way to farm, but it’s thought to be the most efficient for large-scale farms. Strategies like crop rotation and allowing large fields to rest would cut too deep into profits that are based on quantity, opposed to quality.

Unfortunately, the Earth’s soil is now being depleted of nutrients at more than 13 percent the rate it can be replaced. Not only that, but according to some, we may also be facing looming shortages of two critical fertilizer ingredients: phosphorus and potassium.

A 2012 article in Mother Jones discussed “peak phosphorus and potassium,” drawing lines of similarity between the diminishing reserves of these natural elements and “peak oil.”

Unlike nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium cannot be synthesized, and our aggressive large-scale farming methods, which deplete soils of nutrients that then must be replaced, are quickly burning through available phosphorus and potassium stores.

According to well-known investor Jeremy Grantham, writing for Nature:

“These two elements cannot be made, cannot be substituted, are necessary to grow all life forms, and are mined and depleted. It’s a scary set of statements. Former Soviet states and Canada have more than 70 percent of the potash. Morocco has 85 percent of all high-grade phosphates. It is the most important quasi-monopoly in economic history. What happens when these fertilizers run out is a question I can’t get satisfactorily answered and, believe me, I have tried. There seems to be only one conclusion: their use must be drastically reduced in the next 20-40 years or we will begin to starve.”

This largely unknown issue may end up playing a more significant role than you can currently imagine, because it cuts to the heart of the sustainability of modern agricultural practices, or rather the lack thereof.

“[T]he next time someone facilely insists that the ‘industrial farms are the future [4],’ ask what the plan is regarding phosphorus,” Mother Jones writes. “Developing an agriculture that’s ready for a phosphorus shortage means a massive focus on recycling the nutrients we take from the soil back into the soil—in other words, composting, not on a backyard level but rather on a society-wide scale. It also requires policies that give farmers incentives to build up organic matter in soil, so it holds in nutrients instead of letting them leach away… Both of these solutions, of course, are specialties of organic agriculture.”

Monoculture vs. Polyculture

Monoculture (or monocropping) is defined as the high-yield agricultural practice of growing a single crop year after year on the same land, in the absence of rotation through other crops. Corn, soybeans, wheat, and to some degree rice, are the most common crops grown with monocropping techniques. In fact, corn, wheat and rice now account for 60 percent of human caloric intake, according to the UN Food and Agriculture Organization.



By contrast, polyculture [5] (the traditional rotation of crops and livestock) better serves both land and people. Polyculture evolved to meet the complete nutritional needs of a local community. Polyculture, when done mindfully, automatically replenishes what is taken out, which makes it sustainable with minimal effort.

If it’s true that we may at some point face a shortage of phosphorus and potassium, large-scale farming facilities would be hard-pressed to produce much of anything after a short while. Such shortages might even lead to geopolitical strife, as phosphate rock is primarily concentrated in the occupied territory of the Western Sahara region of Morocco. It may sound farfetched to some, but how far would a nation go to secure access to such a location if the future of the entire agricultural industry and food supply depended on it?

Monocropping Is NOT the Way to Feed a Growing Population

The evidence tells us that forging more sustainable alternatives is imperative if we hope to survive. Yet proponents of factory farms and genetically engineered crops [6] argue that monocropping, or crop specialization, is the only way to feed the masses and that it’s far more profitable than having small independent farms in every township.

But is this really true? A number of studies show just the opposite! In fact, studies are showing that medium-sized organic farms [7] are far more profitable than ANY sized industrial agricultural operation.

For example, researchers at the University of Wisconsin’s College of Agriculture and Life Sciences and Michael Fields Agricultural Institute (results published in 2008 in the Agronomy Journal) found that traditional organic farming techniques of planting a variety of plants to ward off pests is more profitable than monocropping. The organic systems resulted in higher profits than “continuous corn, no-till corn and soybeans, and intensively managed alfalfa.”

Not only that, but organic farming practices use natural, time-tested techniques that naturally prevents soil depletion and destruction, and doesn’t use chemical fertilizers and other agricultural chemicals that pollute our soil, air, and waterways.

In the study just mentioned, the researchers concluded that government policies supporting monoculture are “outdated,” and that it’s time for support to be shifted toward programs that promote crop rotation and organic farming. As it turns out, when you eliminate the agricultural chemicals, specialized machinery and multi-million dollar buildings, fuel costs, insurance costs, and the rest of the steep financial requirements of a big industrial operation, your cost of producing food takes a serious dive into the doable. And did I mention… the food from organic farms tend to be far more nutritious, besides being free of toxic contaminants?

Even the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) is starting to question our current path of monoculture. It recently released a report titled: “Climate Change and Agriculture in the United States.” According to the report, our current agricultural system, which is dominated by corn and soy, is unsustainable in the long term. Should temperatures rise as predicted, the US could expect to see significant declines in yields by the middle of this century. Food shortages would be inevitable, since little besides these crops are grown. (Keep in mind the primary crops grown in the US are used in processed food production, so countless numbers of food products would be affected by massive crop loss.)

Nitrogen Overuse Threatens the Environment

Going back to where we started, the overuse of nitrogen in farming is causing far more environmental devastation than many currently comprehend. A recent National Geographic article addresses this issue:

“’Runaway nitrogen is suffocating wildlife in lakes and estuaries, contaminating groundwater, and even warming the globe’s climate. As a hungry world looks ahead to billions more mouths needing nitrogen-rich protein, how much clean water and air will survive our demand for fertile fields?’ China, the world’s largest producer of synthetic nitrogen, has hundreds of nitrogen factories, and the country’s farmers apply vast amounts of nitrogen to their fields. One rice farmer reports spreading no less than 530 pounds of urea, a dry form of nitrogen, on each acre. Vegetable farmers use even more than that. According to the featured article, some use upwards of two tons of nitrogen each hectare (2.47 acres). ‘Few of them think they’re doing anything harmful. No, no pollution,’ says Song, when asked about the environmental effects of fertilizer,’ the article states. “Scientists tell a different story. ‘Nitrogen fertilizer is overused by 30 to 60 percent’ in intensively managed fields, says Xiaotang Ju, of the China Agricultural University in Beijing. ‘It’s misuse!’ Once spread on fields, nitrogen compounds cascade through the environment, altering our world, often in unwelcome ways. Some of the nitrogen washes directly from fields into streams or escapes into the air. Some is eaten, in the form of grain, by either humans or farm animals, but is then released back into the environment as sewage or manure from the world’s growing number of pig and chicken farms.”

Water pollution, as mentioned earlier, is one of the side effects of such overuse. In a matter of decades, rivers that used to run crystal clear though Chinese provinces are now cloudy from overgrowth of phytoplankton, fed by fertilizer runoff from the fields. According to National Geographic:

“A recent national survey of 40 lakes in China found that more than half of them suffered from too much nitrogen or phosphorus. (Fertilizer containing phosphorus is often to blame for algal growth in lakes.) The best known case is Lake Tai, China’s third largest freshwater lake, which regularly experiences huge blooms of toxic cyanobacteria. A spreading bloom in 2007 contaminated water supplies for two million people in the nearby city of Wuxi. Excess nutrients are damaging fisheries in China’s coastal areas in the same way that fertilizer runoff flowing down the Mississippi has destroyed fisheries in the Gulf of Mexico: by creating dead zones in which algae and phytoplankton bloom, die, and decompose, using up oxygen and suffocating fish.”

Finding the Middle Ground of Good Harvests with Reduced Fertilizer Pollution

National Geographic describes a research project in Michigan that has been ongoing for the past two decades. The project is part of Michigan State University’s Kellogg Biological Station, near Kalamazoo. Here, fields that are exactly one hectare in size provide side-by-side comparisons of four different farming methods, ranging from conventional to organic. Everything that is added to or removed from each field is carefully measured, including rainfall, fertilizer, nitrous oxide, water that leaches into groundwater, and the harvest itself. According to the article:

“Each field planted according to standard plowing and fertilizer recommendations released 610 pounds of nitrogen per acre into Michigan’s shallow groundwater over the past 11 years… The organic fields in Robertson’s experiment, which received no commercial fertilizer or manure, lost only a third as much—but those fields also produced 20 percent less grain. Intriguingly, the ‘low input’ fields, which received small amounts of fertilizer but were also planted with winter cover crops, offered the best of both worlds: Average yields were about as high as those from the conventional fields, but nitrogen leaching was much reduced, almost to the level of the organic fields. If America’s farmers could cut their nitrogen losses to something close to this level… restored wetlands and revived small streams could clean up the rest. As in China, though, many farmers find it hard to change. When a family’s livelihood is at stake, it may seem safer to apply too much fertilizer rather than too little. ‘Being a good steward currently has economic consequences that are unfair,’ says Robertson.”

How Sustainable Soil Science Can Help Rescue Our Environment and Food Supply

I recently interviewed Dr. Elaine Ingham [8], an internationally recognized expert on the benefits of sustainable soil science. I also recently visited her at her new position at the Rodale Institute in Pennsylvania. According to Dr. Ingham, a key component of successful agriculture lies in having the right helper organisms in the soil; beneficial species of bacteria, fungi, protozoa, beneficial nematodes (not the weedfeeders), microarthropods, and earthworms—all of which contribute to plant growth in a number of different ways.

Nutrient cycling is another major issue. According to Dr. Ingham, there’s no soil on Earth that lacks the nutrients to grow a plant. She believes the concept that your soil is deficient and needs added phosphorus or nitrogen etc in order to grow plants is seriously flawed, and largely orchestrated by the chemical companies, because it’s based on looking at the soluble, inorganic nutrients that are partly present in your soil.

The real nutrition your plants require is actually derived from microorganisms in the soil. These organisms take the mineral material that’s in your soil and convert it into a plant-available form. Without these bioorganisms, your plants cannot get the nutrients they need. So what you need is not more chemical soil additives, what you need is the proper balance of beneficial soil organisms. According to Dr. Ingham:

“It’s very necessary to have these organisms. They will supply your plant with precisely the right balances of all the nutrients the plant requires. When you start to realize that one of the major roles and functions of life in the soil is to provide nutrients to the plants in the proper forms, then we don’t need inorganic fertilizers. We certainly don’t have to have genetically engineered plants or to utilize inorganic fertilizers if we get this proper biology back in the soil. If we balance the proper biology, we select against the growth of weeds, so the whole issue with herbicides is done away with. We don’t need the herbicides if we can get the proper life back into the soil and select for the growth of the plants that we want to grow and against the growth of the weedy species.”

Interestingly enough, you can use a starter culture to boost the fermentation and generation of beneficial bacteria much in the same way you can boost the probiotics in your fermented vegetables [9]. For compost, this strategy is used if you want to compost very rapidly. In that case, you can use a starter to inoculate the specific sets of organisms that you need to encourage in that compost.

For optimal physical health, you need plant foods to contain the full set of nutrients that will allow the plant to grow in a healthy fashion, because that’s the proper balance of nutrients for us human beings as well. Dr. Ingham has written several books on this topic, including The Field Guide for Actively Aerated Compost Tea, and The Compost Tea Brewing Manual.

How to Help Support Sustainable Agriculture

If you want to optimize your health, you simply must return to the basics of healthy food choices and typically this includes buying your food from responsible, high-quality, sustainable sources. This is why I encourage you to support the small family farms [10] in your area. This includes not only visiting the farm directly, if you have one nearby, but also taking part in farmer’s markets and community-supported agriculture programs.

Not only is the food so much tastier and healthier when you get it from sustainable, non-CAFO sources, but there is something about shopping for fresh foods in an open-air, social environment that just feels right. An artificially lit, dreary supermarket — home to virtually every CAFO food made — just can’t compete. If you want to experience some of these benefits first-hand, here are some great resources [10] to obtain wholesome food that supports not only you but also the environment:

Alternative Farming Systems Information Center [11], Community Supported Agriculture (CSA) Farmers’ Markets [12] — A national listing of farmers’ markets. Local Harvest [13] — This Web site will help you find farmers’ markets, family farms, and other sources of sustainably grown food in your area where you can buy produce, grass-fed meats, and many other goodies. Eat Well Guide: Wholesome Food from Healthy Animals [14] — The Eat Well Guide is a free online directory of sustainably raised meat, poultry, dairy, and eggs from farms, stores, restaurants, inns, and hotels, and online outlets in the United States and Canada. Community Involved in Sustaining Agriculture [15] (CISA) — CISA is dedicated to sustaining agriculture and promoting the products of small farms. FoodRoutes [16] — The FoodRoutes “Find Good Food” map can help you connect with local farmers to find the freshest, tastiest food possible. On their interactive map, you can find a listing for local farmers, CSAs, and markets near you.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/07/02/fertilizer.aspx [1]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43903,"by Tas Walker

Creation Ministries International

What is highly sensitive to scent and can recognize the direction of the faintest odour? A dog’s nose!

Customs officers use dogs to find drugs in luggage. Police use canines to trail an escaped criminal. Emergency workers depend on man’s best friend after a natural disaster to find survivors trapped under rubble.

Dogs’ sensitive sniffing ability is due to the olfactory recess in their nasal cavity. It takes up about half the space inside its nose, sits just behind its eyes, and looks like a tangled mass of twisted airways.

Recently Brent Craven of Pennsylvania State University studied the aerodynamics of the air and odours flowing inside a dog’s nose.1

He and his colleagues put air-monitoring muzzles on seven breeds of dogs, including a Labrador and a Pomeranian, and filmed their sniffing (when tempted with spoons of peanut butter or tuna) on high speed video.

If you are looking for a highly sensitive, directional, rapid response, mobile, internally powered, rechargeable, odour detector, then why not use a sniffer dog?

It turns out that dogs sniff at the same rate at which they pant—five sniffs per second. And the researchers were surprised to discover that dogs can sniff independently with each nostril. With each nostril pulling in a separate odour sample, Craven explained, the dog knows which direction a scent is coming from. The researchers also found that dogs retain the smell in their maze of scent receptors even after they have exhaled.

If you are looking for a highly sensitive, directional, rapid response, mobile, internally powered, rechargeable, odour detector, then why not use a sniffer dog?2 Its nose is another example of the superb design in living things—the organization of all the separate components into an integrated system that works with remarkable precision. Just as the sensitive nose of the humble dog can lead a tracker to his quarry, the amazing design in the living world can put us on the trail toward our remarkable Designer.

References

Morell, V., The secret of a dog’s sniffer, ScienceNow Daily News, sciencenow.sciencemag.org, 9 December 2009. As indeed many do. See: Sniffer dogs, Creation 26(1):8, 2003; Sniffer dogs still best, Creation 26(4):9, 2004.

Read the Full Article Here: http://creation.com/sniffer-dog – Support Creation Ministries International.

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32928,"by Shannon Stonger

Health Impact News

Salsa is widely loved for its ability to spice up – or simply add flavor to – any dish, Mexican-themed or not. Unfortunately, it is hard to find good salsa in regular markets. With the high pesticide content of peppers, tomatoes, and onions along with the genetic modification of tomatoes, what was once a healthful addition to the meal has now become a big question mark on the table.

To really get the most bang for your buck, making homemade salsa from ingredients you know and trust is always your best bet. While ingredients can be combined into a spicy concoction and then canned to preserve them, many are coming around to fermentation as a means of making delicious, organic salsa.

Fermenting vs. Canning Salsa

While canning pasteurizes the raw components of salsa, ridding them of their enzymes and most beneficial qualities, fermentation actually enhances these benefits, adding lactic acid bacteria to the mix. It is this lactic acid bacteria – widely loved for its probiotic potential – that preserves the salsa. The acidification keeps harmful bacteria at bay and allows the salsa to be preserved for weeks or even months in cold storage, if the process is done properly.

Furthermore, there is no right or wrong way to put together a salsa that will be fermented. Whereas it is recommended that you follow a specific recipe in order for the canning process to ensure preservation, fermenting salsa lends itself well to personalizing ingredients and flavors. Ingredients can be blended for a smoother salsa. More or less spice, onion, or herbs can be used. Peppers and other vegetables can be thrown into the base to add variety and nutrition. Whatever it is that you grow or pick up at the farmers market can then become your favorite condiment or chip dip.

Troubleshooting Fermented Condiments

When it comes to fermenting condiments, one of the biggest challenges is keeping brine atop the mixture you are fermenting. It is helpful to decide up front if you need to preserve the food for longer or if you want smaller batches which will be consumed quickly.

When making larger batches of a food you’d like to preserve for months, keeping the vegetable mixture chunky rather than smooth helps a great deal. When making salsa, much of the water from the tomatoes separates into the brine and the veggies float to the top. Since the vegetables exist in a pico de gallo form rather than a blended salsa form, the vegetables can be kept beneath the brine using cabbage leaves, root vegetable slices, or a fermentation weight. This will better ensure fermentation and preservation.

When making fermented ketchup [1], on the other hand, the mixture is made in small quantities and contains a fair amount of both acid and sugar – preserving agents. Besides the initial fermentation, the acid and sugar help to keep the batch preserved. But since it is made in such small quantities, the ketchup is usually consumed before it has a chance to go off.

Basic Fermented Salsa Recipe

Notes: This basic recipe makes one quart. This recipe can be adjusted for quantity and ingredient preference, but always keep the salsa submerged beneath the brine for best results. Most salsa recipes call for acidity in the form of citrus or vinegar. The lactic acid produced during fermentation produce plenty of tang, however, and no competing acids are necessary.

Ingredients

3.5 cups chopped tomatoes

1.5 Tablespoons Himalayan salt

½ small red onion, minced

2 garlic cloves, minced

½ bunch of cilantro

¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes or ½ seeded jalapeno, diced

Directions

Combine the tomatoes and salt in a medium mixing bowl. Allow this to sit for five minutes while the other ingredients are chopped. Add the remaining ingredients to the tomatoes and mix well to combine. Transfer salsa to a quart-sized jar which should be approximately 80% full. Push the salsa down using a clean hand or utensil so that the brine tops up the vegetables. Place an outer cabbage leaf into the jar and then weight this down with a thick slice of root vegetable or a fermentation weight. Move these from side-to-side and then push down to ensure that the brine comes above the cabbage leaf and salsa. Seal the jar tightly and place at cool room temperature – 65-85 degrees – to ferment. During the fermentation process, carbon dioxide will be produced and should be released from the jar twice daily. “Burp” the jars by quickly opening and closing them, allowing any gas pressure to escape. After 24 hours, bubbles will begin to form and the liquid from the tomatoes will begin to combine with the brine while the vegetables are pushed upward. If necessary, the fermentation weights can be pushed downward when the jar is opened for “burping.” This will ensure that the vegetables stay below the level of the brine. Allow to ferment for 3-10 days, depending on the temperature of your home. Taste after the first few days to determine if it is tangy, bubbly, and sufficiently fermented to your taste. If you are fermenting in a hot space, just a few days is sufficient and too long can result in a mushy, overly-acidic salsa. Once fermentation is complete, transfer the salsa to cold storage in the form of a refrigerator, cellar, or basement. The salsa should keep for several months. If larger batches are being prepared, check the surface of the salsa periodically while in cold storage. Generally speaking, any yeast atop the surface of the fermented salsa are considered harmless. However, it is a good idea to remove the yeast – which may look like mold – in order to stop it from spreading throughout the salsa. If a smooth salsa is desired, simply throw the fermented salsa into the blender, process as desired, and then serve.

About the Author

Shannon Stonger grew up in a small town in northern Minnesota. She studied chemistry in college, graduated, and married her husband one month later. They were then blessed with two baby boys within the first four years of marriage. Having babies gave their family a desire to return to the old paths – to nourish their family with traditional, homegrown foods; rid their home of toxic chemicals and petroleum products; and give their boys a chance to know a simple, sustainable way of life. They are currently building a homestead from scratch on two little acres in central Texas. There’s a lot to be done to become somewhat self-sufficient, but they are debt-free and get to spend their days living this simple, good life together with their four young children.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47342,"By Dr. Mercola

Robert Kremer, Phd., co-author of the book Principles in Weed Management, is a certified soil scientist and professor of Soil Microbiology at the University of Missouri. He recently retired from the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), where he worked as a microbiologist for 32 years.

He’s conducted research since 1997 on genetically engineered (GE) crops, and in this interview he reveals how GE crops and glyphosate impact soil ecology and biology.

Roundup Causes Buildup of Pathogens on Root Systems

Prior to the advent of genetically engineered (GE) crops, his research projects were focused on plant and microorganism interactions in the soil.

It was well-known that one of the secondary mechanisms of actions of glyphosate was that it tended to cause the plant to become infected with opportunistic soil pathogens.

When the first transgenic plants came out around 1996, Kremer’s team decided to investigate whether the use of glyphosate on genetically engineered (GE) soybeans might attract certain soil pathogens like Fusarium.

While often considered as a pathogen, several species in the Fusarium genus can be beneficial in the environment, as they mediate decomposition of organic substances in the soil.

Other species are opportunistic, and if the conditions are just right on a plant, they will attack the plant and become pathogenic (infectious) under those circumstances.

What they found was that after application of Roundup (the active ingredient of which is glyphosate), there was always a buildup of soilborne Fusarium on soybean and corn root systems during the season.

“When you see that amount of Fusarium building up on a root system, you would suspect there would be a potential for disease development under ideal conditions,” Kremer says. “As it turns out with soybean and corn, we identified four or five major species. We found actual disease-causing pathogenic species in only 10 to 20 percent of root samples that were assayed. One is the causal agent of sudden death syndrome in soybean, which causes a wilt and root rot, primarily under wet soil conditions. But interestingly, while we thought we would consistently detect this pathogen on roots of soybean treated with glyphosate, it was never a dominant species found in field soil or on the roots season after season. What we did find were many other Fusarium species, some of which could be pathogenic or cause a disease under certain conditions. Our main conclusion from that was that these soybean varieties, due to their genetic modification and glyphosate treatment, provided a soil environment very conducive for proliferation of Fusarium, thereby setting up a good potential for disease to rapidly develop if the conditions were optimal for that to happen. This is because the inocula needed for disease progression is already built up on the roots and ready to infect when conditions allow whereas non-transgenic soybean did not exhibit that disease potential.”

How Glyphosate Disrupts Plant Growth

As described by Kremer, glyphosate’s primary mode of action is that it shuts down amino acid synthesis, followed by inhibition of protein synthesis necessary for plant growth.

A complementary mode of action is that when this happens, it causes the plant to be more susceptible to the microbes (and any pathogens) in the soil.

The reason for this is because the amino acids are also building blocks for other compounds that have defensive functions against soil pathogens — such as Fusarium. As a result, the plant becomes more susceptible to attack and infection by many microorganisms in the soil.

Glyphosate also acts as a mineral chelator, and minerals such as zinc, copper, and manganese which are essential cofactors in many plant and human enzymes.

Chelating or removing these minerals from the plants is largely responsible for impairing their protein synthesis as the enzymes involved in syntheses require the minerals to function. This then opens the plant up to attack.

Glyphosate Is Systemic, and That’s Part of the Problem

We often think of glyphosate as just another herbicide being applied topically, but it’s important to realize that one of the properties of glyphosate is that when it enters a plant, it becomes systemic, and cannot be washed off like many other herbicides.1

It becomes integrated into every cell in the plant, especially the faster growing cells. As explained by Kremer:

“It is translocated throughout the plant, primarily towards growing points of the plant, meristematic tissue, and one of the most active growing points in the plant are young root tips. A lot of the glyphosate applied to the plant passes through the plant. It goes to meristems and to developing seeds. But a lot of it is transported to the roots, and much of that passes through the root, into the soil… When glyphosate is released there… it will contact nutrients that are in the soil solution and chelate or immobilize them, tying them up, and making them unavailable to the plant. The nutrients also become unavailable to beneficial microorganisms that are in the rhizosphere. They are not able to acquire those micronutrients at all. You have a two-way effect here. You have an effect on the plant where it can’t take up these essential nutrients to mediate the reactions by the enzymes, where those micronutrients are needed. Also, the microorganisms that have enzymes to those of plants, cannot accomplish their metabolism either.”

Once Bound by Glyphosate, Micronutrients Are Also Made Unavailable to Your Body

Interestingly, if you do a tissue analysis of a GE plant looking for micronutrients, the test may reveal that there are sufficient amounts of manganese and other minerals present. However, the tissue analysis will not tell you how much of this manganese is tied up and therefore made unavailable by the glyphosate in the plant…

Moreover, if the minerals are bound to glyphosate in the plant, there’s no way for your body to dissociate that bond to make the nutrients available when you eat it. Instead, those minerals will simply be excreted back out, or worse, stored in your body right along with the glyphosate.

Making matters even worse, glyphosate formulations such as Roundup are synergistically even more toxic than glyphosate itself. For example, surfactant chemicals disrupt the cellular membranes in the plant, making uptake of other chemicals like glyphosate a lot easier, and hence riskier.

“With some of the microorganisms we found, [the surfactants] will interfere with cellular membrane lipids. For example, in some of these microorganisms, it will interfere with soil enzyme activities that have beneficial effects in some biological processes. There’s a lot more that we need to learn about this, because there are many additives in the formulation of Roundup, surfactants being just one of those compounds.”

The Drawbacks of ‘Burndown Application’ of Glyphosate in No-Till Farming

Some sustainable agriculture no-till farmers use of Roundup in what’s called a “burndown application” in the spring to kill off any weeds and vegetation in the field prior to planting. No-till is a very beneficial practice, as tilling the soil decimates many beneficial soil microbes, especially the mycorrhizal fungi, and it contributes to the massive loss of topsoil. However, sterilizing the soil in this manner has significant drawbacks in the long-term, and if a farmer is not careful, it can result in a failed crop.

As explained by Kremer:

“The burndown is often used as a pre-treatment for no-till. When that happens, any vegetation is going to get a flush of microbial activity in the root zone. This is why it’s recommended farmers wait at least a week or 10 days in order for that flush of potential pathogenic microbes in the soil to peak and die down. Then you can plant your crop without the risk of this unbalanced microbial community attacking the seedling of your new crop. That’s a real problem. I’ve known personally of some farmers who can’t wait. They plant right after burndown, and they pay for it with the appearance of their crops later, because it does affect their early growth.”

You can think of this as being similar to the clinical application of an antibiotic for a serious disease. In this case, the glyphosate is not applied to treat a disease; it’s just an agricultural process. Nevertheless, it’s killing the soil microbiome just as an antibiotic kills the microbiome in your gut and has nearly identical adverse side effects. It decreases the soil’s ability to nourish the plants and resist pests.

The residual activity — in both cases — can last for quite a while, not just a few days. Sure, the bacterial balance will begin to improve, but it still leaves an unbalanced microbial community in its wake. And there are many components of the microbial community that actually thrive with glyphosate. Fusarium is one of them, and most of them are not beneficial.

“Another one that tolerates glyphosates is Agrobacterium,” Kremer says. “Some of the Agrobacterium species can be very important disease agents. Those two organisms kind of bring this full circle. They not only tolerate glyphosate, but they are also what we call manganese oxidizers; they will actually tie up manganese in the soil. So not only do you have glyphosate tying up [manganese], but you have this increase in organisms that will also tie-up manganese because it oxidizes it to an unavailable form. This is one of the other outcomes of using glyphosate… Now, it’s interesting that glyphosate is used a lot in perennial crops, such as vineyards, orchards, and almond production. I believe it’s fair to note that when we use a lot of glyphosate in those systems for vegetation control, what is happening is that when the glyphosate is released through the roots in those systems, glyphosate can then be taken up by some of those desirable plants, such as grapevines and trees, which are not Roundup-resistant. The next thing you know, we will have some root dieback in the topsoil, or we have this abnormal growth that we’ve seen in grapes. Then they wonder why they’re having production problems. The overuse of glyphosate in some of these perennial systems is a very serious problem.”

GMOs Have Led to Increase in Herbicides and Other Agricultural Chemicals

One justification the chemical technology industry used to promote and support the use of GE crops is that they would decrease the need for pesticides. In reality, weed resistance to the chemical has led to a steady increase in use. An estimated 60 million acres of farmland are now overrun with glyphosate resistant superweeds.

Even though farmers rotate between growing corn and soybeans, most grow Roundup Ready versions of both crops. In other words, these crops tolerate Roundup applications for weed control. So even though the crop changes, you have a continuous application of Roundup year after year. Often, that is preceded by Roundup in a burndown treatment, and then you have application of Roundup during the season, probably more than once.

“Instead of going to different crops that are not Roundup Ready, the thought was, ‘Well, let’s just engineer the crop to resist other herbicides that can kill out the Roundup-resistant weeds.’ Yes, [we] will have crops that are resistant to at least two or three different herbicides, including glyphosate. The other herbicides may be 2,4-dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D) and dicamba. These are to take out the glyphosate-resistant weeds. But we already know that in 2,4-D and dicamba, there are weeds that have been shown to be resistant to that class of compounds as well. It’s just a matter of time before those weeds will be resistant to maybe three different herbicides. We know that there are some weeds that are resistant to five different herbicides. The writing is on the wall that this is going to happen,” Kremer says.

More chemicals are also being used to control diseases associated with soybeans and corn. When the first transgenic soybeans came out, the seed was never treated with insecticides or fungicides. Now you can’t buy Roundup Ready seed without having it treated with at least one insecticide and a fungicide to control anticipated pests. So farmers cannot buy “clean” seeds anymore; certainly not from Monsanto. And this cocktail of chemicals is eventually transferred to the plant, and consumed by livestock and humans.

To Regenerate Soil, We Need a New Agricultural System

According to Kremer, after years of growing GE corn and soybeans, many farmers are now noticing a decline in productivity — which again is the exact converse of Monsanto’s promises. And the reason for this decline is directly linked with declining soil health. As noted by Kremer:

“What has happened, primarily with industrial agriculture, is that using glyphosate and transgenic [plant] varieties, and all the chemical fertilizers that we’re putting out there, we’ve decreased soil organic matter, which is the key to soil health, because it affects all the properties of the soil.”

As you would expect, many nutrients, especially the micronutrient levels, have also decreased in our food. As a result of these adverse ramifications, increasing numbers of farmers are ready for change, and many now want to revert back to non-GMO crops. This is certainly part of the answer, but it’s not the whole solution. Soil must be actively regenerated with appropriate processes. It’s not enough to just switch to non-GMO seeds.

Using cover crops is an important part of the solution, as it helps build up organic matter in the soil, breaks up compactions, and allows for better water and air infiltration below the surface of the soil, which helps beneficial microorganisms thrive. Incorporating holistic herd management is another key component.

“I think there is a lot of opportunity for that,” Dr. Kremer says. “I know some farmers who are already doing that. And, if we could have the grazers on the land to process that vegetative material and deposit the organic matter around, that would go a long way to reviving and remediating these soils. The biggest problem is that we have this separation of the various types of agriculture. Most of the confined animal feeding operations (CAFOs) are out West, and we ship all our grain out there. We’re taking the nutrients away from here, and they have these huge of piles of manure in the West [that need to be in the soil]… I think the demand for meat that is not fed with GE crops is growing, and I believe we’re going to see more local processors and maybe local feeding operations where we have grass-fed cattle and grass-fed hogs. We may be seeing a turn towards that, because most of those large feeding operations obviously are using the commodity corn and soybean, which are Roundup Ready. I think there’s going to be a point where we will see this change come around. We’re going to have a complete, sustainable system with livestock and the feed grains being grown in the same landscape.”

Do You Have a Victory Garden?

The idea of planting Victory Gardens goes back to World War I and II, and was advertised as a way for patriots to make a difference on the home front. Planting these gardens helped the citizens combat food shortages by supplying themselves and their neighbors with fresh produce.

Planting your own Victory Garden can go a long way toward healthier eating, and in the long run, it can provide incentive for industry-wide change, and a return to a diet of real food, for everyone, everywhere. A great way to get started on your own is by sprouting. They may be small, but sprouts are packed with nutrition and best of all, they’re easy and inexpensive to grow.



Sources and References



1 J Environ Anal Toxicol 4:210. doi: 10.4172/2161-0525.1000210

Read the full article at Mercola.com.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47247,"[1]

Tropical Traditions

Press Release

Tropical Traditions announced this week that they will soon be shipping their 2015 pastured turkeys raised on pastures in Wisconsin.

This year’s batch offers something new: the specially formulated Cocofeed that the birds consumed was not only soy-free this year, but also corn-free, and tested for the presence of GMOs and glyphosate.

Late last year (2014) Tropical Traditions announced that they had discontinued several USDA certified organic products after testing them and finding residue amounts of glyphosate, the active ingredient in the most common herbicide in the world. (See: ALERT: Certified Organic Food Grown in U.S. Found Contaminated with Glyphosate Herbicide [2].)

Tropical Traditions began testing all of its products, and also tested its certified organic feed used to feed their pastured chickens and turkeys. They were quite surprised to find high amounts of glyphosate in the USDA certified organic feed they were using, purchased from an organic feed mill. So they began a long process of sourcing all of the ingredients themselves and testing each one first for the presence of glyphosate.

Due to the problem of most of the USDA certified organic corn supply to also be contaminated with genetically modified DNA, they decided to stop sourcing corn altogether.

This past summer Tropical Traditions saw fewer fatalities among their turkey flocks, and the first batch of birds raised on a glyphosate-tested and GMO-tested feed is now available for ordering just ahead of the busy upcoming holiday season.

To learn more, and to find out how to order these turkeys and have them delivered to your home, visit GrassFedTraditions.com [1].",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32718,"[1]

Bee covered with pollen on flower, by Andreas [2]

Years ago, Gaia Health informed that bee dieoffs are a direct result of pesticide nerve agents called neonicotinoids. The term, Colony Collapse Disorder, is fraudulent, designed to direct attention from the known cause. Agribusiness, the poison manufacturers making death-producing pesticides, is the other face of Big Pharma.

by Heidi Stevenson

Gaia-Health.com

The massive bee die-off is not a great mystery. Colony Collapse Disorder is poisoning with a class of pesticides called neonicotinoids. Clothianidin, a neonicotinoid pesticide manufactured by Bayer, has been clearly linked to die offs in Germany and France.

Although the bee die-offs that have occurred recently are more severe, there have been many in the past from the same and similar products. In North Dakota, a lawsuit was filed against Bayer for the loss of their bees in 1995, the result of spraying rapeseed with imidacloprid. In 1999, the same product was banned in France for use as a seed dressing for sunflowers when they lost one-third of their hives after widespread spraying. In 2004, it was banned for use on corn. Recently, France refused to approve Bayer’s request to sell clothianidin.

Clothianidin and imidacloprid are both members of a class of pesticides called neonicotinoids. They are well known as insect neurotoxins, especially with regard to bees. The spokesperson for the Coalition Against Bayer Dangers, based in Germany, stated:

We have been pointing out the risks of neonicotinoids for almost 10 years now. This proves without a doubt that the chemicals can come into contact with bees and kill them. These pesticides shouldn’t be on the market.

Not a Surprise

That neonicotinoids are potent neurotoxins, especially in insects, is unsurprising. They were developed for precisely that purpose. Bayer says that their use is safe for bees, when used according to instructions. This involves using a glue that keeps the pesticides stuck to the seeds on which they’re used.

There are many problems with this. Agribusiness corporations are known to evade anything that costs them money. The glue costs money. The equipment and personnel required to apply it costs money. More careful pesticide application to try to keep it from becoming airborne costs money. Obviously, both unscrupulous Agribusiness farmers and unknowing small farmers—not to mention home gardeners—will, at least occasionally, not use the glue.

Even then, it’s impossible to believe that a fair amount of these pesticides won’t become airborne. Further, their residue will poison the soil. It will be passed on into foods, which means that insects will come into contact with it there.

Pharmaceutical Connection

Isn’t it interesting that a major pharmaceutical manufacturer, Bayer, also makes a product that is a poison by design? Bayer is not an exception. Many, if not most, do business in both arenas. That alone should give pause for thought.

Here’s a list of corporations — not expected to be complete — that profit in both pharmaceuticals and pesticides:

American Home Products

AMVAC

Astra Zeneca

Aventis

BASF

Bayer

Dow Chemical

Dupont Chemical

Merck

Monsanto

Novartis

Pharmacia

Is it an accident that most of Big Pharma also manufactures pesticides? Is there a connection between the two types of products? Do the pharmaceutical arms of these corporations profit on the illness caused by the pesticide arms? You can decide.

Mythical Disease

Disease mongering is a well-worn technique used by Big Pharma to create new diseases—define, name, and make household terms—for the purpose of selling chemicals called drugs. The same technique has been used to cloak massive bee die-offs with an air of mystery.

Colony Collapse Disorder is a false name that serves to mislead the public into believing that there’s a new, mystery disorder, probably something very complex, that needs tons of money to be thrown at it so that every possible angle can be studied. The reason is simple. By misdirecting the public, and apparently many professionals too, the real reason for bee die-offs is obscured.

This is very much like the misleading pseudo science that supposedly debunks global climate change by giving a false impression that there is no consensus among scientists. By stirring pesticides into a mix of other supposedly possible causes, such as bacterial infections, fungal infections, and environmental stress—all assuredly concerns with bees, but none of them new—a false controversy is created. That results in precious time being wasted, while we really do move into a world without bees. At the same time, money is being thrown at scientists, who should know better, but being just as human as the rest of us, they’re tempted.

Eventually, the real cause starts to become obvious, as is happening now in bee die-offs. However, the guilty party, the one making obscene profits by selling neurotoxic poisons that destroy the earth, launches a campaign of disingenuous lies, misdirection, and lawsuits to continue to sell their contaminants as long as possible.

Meanwhile, we’re being told that we must prepare to live in a world without bees, as if it’s inevitable. All because of Colony Collapse Disorder, a cleverly marketed nonexistent disease. We live in fear of the implications of no bees, when the real threat is poisons manufactured for the sole benefit of obscene profits.

How to Avoid These Neurotoxins

Neonicotinoids are used in Agribusiness and home gardens. To help the reader avoid these products, here are some of their generic names, along with as many brand names as could be found.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21999,"Vaccine Awareness Week 2017

Learn About the Need to Protect Voluntary Vaccine Decision-Making in America

This week from November 5-11, 2017 Mercola.com and the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) are co-sponsoring the Eighth Annual Vaccine Awareness Week (VAW), a week dedicated to raising awareness about vaccines and informed consent rights.

With all the uncertainty surrounding the risks and failures of vaccines, it’s critical to protect your legal right to make independent health choices and exercise voluntary informed consent to vaccination.

It is urgent that everyone stand up and fight to protect flexible medical, religious and conscientious belief vaccine exemptions and expand informed consent protections in state public health and employment laws.

During this week, Dr. Joseph Mercola will double match your donations up to $$100,000 to the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), a non-profit charity advocating for vaccine safety and protection of the ethical principle of informed consent to medical risk taking, including vaccine risk taking.

NVIC’s mission since 1982 has been to prevent vaccine injuries and deaths through public education and to defend your legal right to exercise informed consent to vaccination.

You can also donate directly to NVIC by CLICKING HERE [1] to help support our mission and join the vaccine freedom of choice movement today!

Click the video below to watch an interview with Dr. Joe Mercola and Barbara Loe Fisher about what is at stake in America’s Vaccine Culture War.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. [2]

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

[3]

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here! [3]

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact [4], part of the Health Impact News network [5].

Order here! [3]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99 [8]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43873,"Editor Note: The Bible Miniseries on The History Channel began on Sunday March 3rd with episode 1, but the first episode will be re-broadcast Sunday March 10th prior to the second episode on the History Channel. Check your local listings for times.

The Bible … on the History Channel?

A review of the TV series The Bible

by Lita Cosner and Scott Gillis

Creation.com

You may have heard that this Sunday, March 3rd, 2013, the History Channel (USA) will premier the first of five 2-hour episodes of the “epic docudrama”, The Bible.

Last October, highly-acclaimed producer Mark Burnett (Survivor, The Voice, The Apprentice, Shark Tank, etc.) and his wife, actress Roma Downey (Touched by an Angel) invited Creation Ministries International’s (US) CEO Gary Bates and myself (Scott Gillis [1]) to join with 25 other Christian leaders to attend a special private preview of their upcoming film. After dinner and viewing a handful of scenes from the rough cut footage, Gary and I had the opportunity to personally discuss CMI’s mission with Mark, and he consequently asked if we would be willing to review the opening Creation scene and give him some feedback. The producers, fully knowing that we were Bible-believing creationists, ultimately not only sent us the opening scene, but we were one of the few organizations trusted to review the entire 10 hour production before it airs for the first time this weekend.

Despite their undeniable success in the industry, Mark and his wife Roma described the film as “the most important project we have ever undertaken”. In fact Mark told us that the majority of the production costs came out of their own pockets. They explained that this project was seen by many of their friends in the industry as a move that might risk their own reputation and careers. Although the History Channel on occasion had asked for input into the film’s content, Mark and Roma said they wanted only to “honor the integrity of scripture”. Roma described to us how she fell in love with the Bible when she was just a “wee girl in Ireland”, but making a TV series out of it only made her love it more.

I’m sure you can imagine that an endeavor to reduce the entire biblical narrative into a 10 hour dramatization would be a difficult challenge for anyone. In fact, anyone making a movie about the Bible is going to be open to all sorts of criticism from many directions. For example, as to be expected in a made-for-TV dramatization, most of the time the dialogue does not incorporate the scriptural text. However, the stated goal of Mark and Roma was to take the written biblical account, and translate it effectively for the television medium to a largely Bible-illiterate audience.

Overall, anyone watching will see that this is a first-rate production. In this day and age where the Bible is under attack from secularists and atheists like never before, Mark Burnett and Roma Downey should be commended for taking a stand on the true claims of Scripture. They have attempted to show the Bible as real history, and particularly that Jesus is the Savior of all mankind. We at CMI will be praying that God blesses this effort, that God uses this series to open the eyes of unbelievers, and of Christians who ‘reinterpret’ the Bible’s history.

What follows is a concise review and summary of the film by CMI’s Information Officer, Lita Cosner [2].

Read the Full Review Here: http://creation.com/bible-on-history [3]

[4]

Free Shipping Available! [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24825,"[1]Taking Questions from the Media

by Kimberly Hartke, Publicist, Weston A. Price Foundation [1]

Yesterday, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the United States Department of Agriculture finally announced the 2010 dietary guidelines. The official “food policy” of our nation doesn’t just guide our food choices, but dictates what ingredients go into manufactured food. It also determines what food is available through grocery stores and institutions, both public and private.

As I drove up to the event, I was delighted to see a small group of protesters, a couple sporting cow costumes. They were protesting the USDA’s recent approval of genetically modified alfalfa, and the pending decision to “unleash” genetically engineered salmon on the unsuspecting public.

It is so ironic that the same agency that lectures Americans on what to eat, ostensibly for the sake of our health, is the one approving all of these dangerous gene manipulated foods.

Food & Water Watch Protesters Draw Attention to GMO Dangers

I have worked on the dietary guidelines on behalf of the Weston A. Price Foundation for the past year. Here is a link to multiple testimonies given at the public hearing last summer protesting the further restriction of meat, cholesterol, salt and animal fat [2].

In spite of the numerous scientists who have raised concerns about these strictures, the Agriculture Secretary said yesterday, that the science underpinning these guidelines is indisputable. What he doesn’t know is that plenty of science has been ignored or misinterpreted in the process. And it haskicked off a big dispute. The announcement of these guidelines in the year 2011 instead of 2010 was in part due to the thousands of public comments that the agency had to wade through in order to shape the final guidelines.

Dissenting scientists have made attempts at opening up dialog, by publishing papers, holding a saturated fat symposium [3], even having face to face meetings with officials.

The one victory for traditional diets that I determined yesterday, is that none of the materials given out, and none of the speeches used the term “plant-based diet.” Thankfully, this loaded rhetoric popped during the trial balloon period.

After the presentation of the guidelines, there was a question and answer period.

When asked by Peter Farnham, the representative of Nutrition and Metabolism Society about why the health benefits of low-carb diets were not included, Dr. Robert Post, Deputy Director of the Center of Nutrition Policy and Promotion at the USDA, acknowledged that many comments came in about this, but there is “no scientific evidence” to support it.

This, I am sure is news to all the low carb researchers around the country, whose funding is now at risk because of the government’s blind eye to their progress.

After the press conference, I spoke with Dr. Richard Feinman, a cell biologist and professor at SUNY Downstate Medical Center. He told me that studies show that carb restricted diets do work, often better than low fat diets. He went on to say that numerous large studies of low fat diets failed to show any benefit.

Of interest to raw milk proponents, the Executive Summary of the new guidelines explicitly proscribes raw milk and raw milk cheese. It states:

“In addition, some foods (such as milks, cheeses, and juices that have not been pasteurized, and undercooked animal foods) pose high risk for foodborne illness and should be avoided.”

Is it any wonder that old fashioned dairy farms and artisan cheesemakers have a tough time making it in this political food climate? With instructions like this, a health inspector is likely to assume guilty until proven innocent.

One reporter from Politico admitted she was confused over why officials demonize meat in such a round about way, by warning against solid fat. She just didn’t understand why the guidelines don’t come right out and say, “don’t eat meat or stay away from hamburger.”

The answer from the stage? “We just tell you to eat fish two or three times a week. It’s another way of saying it.”

Kimberly Hartke is the publicist for Weston A. Price Foundation, a nutrition education non-profit based in Washington, DC.

Weston A. Price Foundation in response to the USDA guidelines is holding a press conference on February 14th to announce our alternative guidelines, Healthy 4 Life, see more details:

Nutrition Foundation Releases Alternative Dietary Guidelines [4]

Here is the paper published by concerned scientists about the ignored and misapplied science used for the guidelines:

In the face of contradictory evidence: Report of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans Committee [5]

Here is a link to the USDA materials released yesterday:

www.dietaryguidelines.gov [6]

Read the Full Article Here: http://hartkeisonline.com/food-politics/usda-dietary-guidelines-press-conference/ [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43860,"Creation Evolution Headlines [1]

The plants and animals around us seem so ordinary, but they all are so extraordinary, the extraordinary becomes ordinary simply because of their numbers. But if you expanded the sample space to include the entire solar system, what we have in earth’s biosphere should astonish everyone. Here are some notable fellow creatures.

Monarch butterflies : You can raise Monarchs in your garden. Loretta Downs does it, and told her experience on PhysOrg [2]. The article speaks of “the miracle of the monarch,” its “unlikely story,” its “stained-glass wings of orange and black with drips of white,” and “the most uncanny butterfly with so much wisdom tucked deep inside its jade-green chrysalis, the transformation chamber that dangles from a leaf, where striped caterpillar unfolds into winged beauty, catching drifts of wind.”

Poetic excess? Not for her. “It’s a mystery, and we don’t get so close to these kinds of mysteries,” says Downs. “To watch this unfolding, it’s a miracle. There is no better symbol for transformation, for the mystery of death” that metamorphoses into “something altogether new” – a rebirth. She finds it a healing, comforting experience to watch her butterflies.

Monarchs are featured in the new Illustra Media [3] documentary Metamorphosis, to be released on DVD June 15 and on Blu-Ray on July 6. Flowering plants : PhysOrg [4] “What makes leaves sprout in the spring?” In Canada a few weeks ago, trees were barren, but now they are bursting with buds. There’s a transformation you won’t find on Mars or Venus.

The question was answered by Malcolm Campbell of University of Toronto – at least to the extent science understands this “complex program” the article claims was “designed by the trees over tens of thousands of years,” years Campbell obviously never experienced. He described how day length, temperature and water availability are factors. Trees key on a cold snap in autumn being long enough to trigger the program, followed by a sufficient number of warm days in the spring. Then global warming entered the discussion, but despite the triggers mentioned by Campbell, the question remains: what makes leaves sprout in the spring? Wired seeds : Cute seedlings in the process of sprouting decorate an article on Science Daily [5] promising, “Genetic ‘Wiring’ of Seeds Revealed.” Work at the University of Nottingham has discovered that “the same mechanism that controls germination is responsible for another important decision in the life cycle of plants — when to start flowering.”

Once again, environmental cues like temperature, light, moisture and nutrients trigger a complex program to unfold. The researchers found a gene network, which they dubbed SeedNet, that’s involved in both seed germination and plant flowering. The internal and external factors ensure that “the decision for a seed to germinate is made at the perfect moment to ensure survival,” the article said.

How could such a wonder arise? The article attributed it to purposeless causes, rooted in chance, [6] that act like a goddess: “evolution has genetically ‘wired’ seeds in a very complex way to avoid making potentially deadly mistakes,” the article claimed (see 04/23/2011 [7]). Similarly, evolution took credit for the double duty of the genetic network: “Given that seeds were evolved long after plants developed their ability to withstand environmental stress, this indicated that plants have adapted existed genes to fulfil a different role.” Modular design is usually thought of as good planning and foresight. Cicadas : Those noisy cricket-like bugs called cicadas will be emerging from their underground hideouts in the American south this summer. Some will live underground for 13 years before celebrating their brief above-ground mating rituals; others 17 years. Why are these intervals prime numbers?

Live Science [8] explained: “It is no mere coincidence that cicadas have evolved indivisible life cycles,” Natalie Wolchover wrote. “As explained by the entomologist Stephen Jay Gould, prime cycles have a major evolutionary advantage over cycles that are multiples of smaller numbers of years, and for a simple reason: They make cicadas more elusive.” If they came up in 18 years, for instance, predators with life cycles of two, three or six years could get lucky every third or ninth, sixth, or third generation. There are fewer coincidences with prime numbers because they are not divisible by any other integer.

As plausible as this sounds, it avoids the question of what the ninth, sixth, and third generations of predators would eat in between the lucky coincidences. It also says nothing about how the pupae survive these many years underground, and even more amazing, how they all wake up on cue for a few weeks of frenzied mating, only to bury themselves as eggs once again for another Brigadoon sleep underground. Dinosaur necking : Matt Walker had an unusual blog entry for his feature “Nature Wonder Monkey” on the BBC News [9]. He was going to explain the tremendously long necks of sauropods (and of giraffes, for that matter).

Enter the theory of sexual selection. While it seemed Walker might present a triumphal account of how sexual selection produced these long necks, the ending was rather different. He debunked the idea. He quoted evolutionists who have discredited the idea that sexual selection produced long necks and other flashy traits like peacock tails. In particular, Mike Taylor [U of Bristol] tested sexual selection on 39 giraffes and found no correlation between neck length and sexual success.

While Matt Walker left room for sexual selection in crabs and birds, he accepted Taylor’s extended conclusion, “There is no example, anywhere, of a type of four-legged animal, of which there are many species, that has evolved a single trait to be sexy.” For sauropods, too, “A sexy neck just didn’t get the reptilian juices flowing,” he quipped. That leaves any evolutionary explanation for the “even more remarkable species such as Argentinosaurus, which holds the record for being both the heaviest land animal ever, and the longest,” dangling with no support. Decorative spiders : Did you know that some orb-weaving spiders decorate their webs? The BBC News [10] explored this phenomenon for answers, but admitted that “exactly why the spiders adorn their webs is unclear.” Leading contender for this “tricky area” is that the spider adds highly-visible webbing in the center where it resides to make the web more visible to animals that might accidentally damage them.

A researcher in Australia said, “The debate about [its] function has lasted for over 100 years and is still highly controversial.” Another theory is that the decorations attract prey with the decorations. What reporter Victoria Gill left out was any explanation for how a lowly spider could calculate costs, strategize, be motivated, or “tactically use the decorations” by an evolutionary process. Those are the verbs of teleonomy. Smallest flying insect : The smallest flying insect is a parasitic wasp. PhysOrg [11] has a photo of one of these little guys with a 1mm wingspan walking up a tiny egg of a cabbage white butterfly. Using a 22,000-frame-per-second Phantom camera, the Flight Artists team from Wageningen University in the Netherlands recorded their acrobatics: “The high speed movies show how the parasitic wasp jumps up into the air, elegantly flaps around, and then somehow lands – the insect sometimes boldly lands face-first” but can also land on its feet and head butt other wasps.

Time for some stats: wings beat at 350 strokes per second. Weighs one 40,000th of a gram. Hitchhikes rides on other insects, such as butterflies. What this means is that the hardware and software for controlled flight, navigation and reproduction is all packaged into a very tiny animal.

The article includes a short video of the wasps in slow motion. On a small white butterfly, the wasp shows up as a speck on the butterfly’s face bristles under its compound eye. The Flight Artists team next wants to take its “extraordinary camera” to investigate how birds, bats, bees and even seeds fly, to “make the invisible visible” and “to shoot images of fliers in Nature that fascinate them.” See their website at FlightArtists.com [12]. Manta ray : A contest was held last month at the U.S. Naval Surface Warfare Center in West Bethesda, Maryland. It was between two robot-building teams trying to imitate the elegant swimming of the manta ray. “Swimming like butterflies underwater, with mesmerizing ease and grace, manta rays are the envy of engineers seeking more efficient underwater vehicles,” Elisabeth Pennisi wrote for Science this week. 1 In an article under the category “Bio-Inspired Engineering,” she detailed how teams from Princeton and University of Virginia both failed, ending in a draw.

One of the contestants has long been enraptured with these gentle giants that can grow up to five meters wide. “They are such self-possessed, graceful animals,” Alexander Smits said. “It was almost mystical,” he added, thinking about his swim with these creatures years ago in Australia. “I decided I’ve got to know something about them.” No wonder; here’s what Pennisi wrote about their specifications: Mantas are everything one could want in an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). “I’ve thought for a long time that the people who are interested in robotic mimicry were missing the boat in not looking at manta rays,” says Adam Summers, a comparative biomechanist at Friday Harbor Laboratories in Washington state. Most fish swing their body from side to side, and “that’s not very handy if you are trying to stuff [instruments] inside.” The manta body is stiff. Mantas are also quiet, efficient swimmers—AUVs tend to be one or the other. The best AUVs have a turning radius of 0.7 body lengths; the manta needs just 0.27 its body length and maneuvers like a fighter plane. Based on the two robots’ performance, “in terms of maneuverability, we’re on the right track” in understanding how mantas achieve such grace, says Frank Fish, a functional morphologist at West Chester University in Pennsylvania who is working with UVa and Princeton on the manta project. Snipe hunt : Want to know the world speed-distance record for migratory birds? According to PhysOrg [13], it’s the great snipe, an endangered species. Arctic terns fly farther at slower speeds, and peregrine falcons fly faster for shorter distances, but this winner excels at both speed and distance. “Swedish scientists found that the birds fly non-stop over a distance of around 4,200 miles at a phenomenal 60 mph.” Some took off in Sweden and landed in central Africa, 4,225 miles away, in just 3.5 days.

This was a surprise. “We never expected record-breaking flights for this ordinary bird,” they said. They had no idea where this species went after leaving Scandinavia, either. Tracking devices on some of the birds revealed their secret. The article ended with a list of other speed records in the animal kingdom.

Trivia provided by article: “The word ‘sniper’ originated in the 1770s among soldiers in British India: if a hunter was skilled enough to kill an elusive snipe, he was called a sniper.”

After the snipe article, someone left a comment, noting “the total absense [sic] of any evolutionary talk in this article.” He said, “I guess the researchers know that there’s really no evolutionary explanation for this phenomenal ability and so they keep their minds focused on what works in reality. No side-tracking into nonsense speculation of evolutionary origins here.” An evolutionist immediately retorted with an example of bad design – i.e., why God would not have made the world the way it is. He apparently didn’t notice or care that he made a religious, not scientific, argument.

1. Elizabeth Pennisi, “Bio-Inspired Engineering: Manta Machines,” Science [14], 27 May 2011: Vol. 332 no. 6033 pp. 1028-1029, DOI: 10.1126/science.332.6033.1028.

Did you notice how many times the Darwinian arguments were vacuous stories, leaving the real questions begging? This kind of storytelling masquerading as explanation will, unfortunately, be with us until the Darwinian edifice implodes, a long-overdue event.

You can help hasten its eventuality by drawing attention to the design specifications scientists find in nature, to the observation that biomimetics (one of the hottest trends in science) assumes good design, and that dysteleological arguments are appeals to religion.

Science will get along just fine without the tacked-on personifications and just-so stories that are the besetting sins of the Darwin Party. The rest of us can simply delight in the never-ending wonders of living things. Let’s help put the fascination back in biology with intelligent design.

Read the Full Article Here: http://creationsafaris.com/crev201105.htm#20110527a [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22020,"Child welfare services in Norway have reportedly removed five Christian children from their parents' home and placed them into foster care after the parents were accused of radicalizing and indoctrinating their children with Christianity. According to the British-based Christian Institute, Norway's child protection services, known as the Barnevernet, seized the three sons and two daughters of Ruth and Marius Bodnariu in mid-November. Although the family wasn't quite sure at the time why their children were being taken away from them, their lawyer discovered that the parents were being charged with Christian indoctrination. The Bodnariu's lawyer obtained a copy of the government document that lists the charges against Marius and Ruth, which includes being listed as ""radical Christians who were indoctrinating their children.""",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24824,"Concerns that were raised with the first dietary recommendations 30 y ago have yet to be adequately addressed. The initial Dietary Goals for Americans (1977) proposed increases in carbohydrate intake and decreases in fat, saturated fat, cholesterol, and salt consumption that are carried further in the 2010 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee (DGAC) Report. Important aspects of these recommendations remain unproven, yet a dietary shift in this direction has already taken place even as overweight/obesity and diabetes have increased. Although appealing to an evidence-based methodology, the DGAC Report demonstrates several critical weaknesses, including use of an incomplete body of relevant science; inaccurately representing, interpreting, or summarizing the literature; and drawing conclusions and/or making recommendations that do not reflect the limitations or controversies in the science. An objective assessment of evidence in the DGAC Report does not suggest a conclusive proscription against low-carbohydrate diets. The DGAC Report does not provide sufficient evidence to conclude that increases in whole grain and fiber and decreases in dietary saturated fat, salt, and animal protein will lead to positive health outcomes. Lack of supporting evidence limits the value of the proposed recommendations as guidance for consumers or as the basis for public health policy. It is time to reexamine how US dietary guidelines are created and ask whether the current process is still appropriate for our needs.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.nutritionjrnl.com/article/S0899-9007(10)00289-3/fulltext [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33156,"NIH Blowing Smoke on Medical Cannabis?

by Christian Bogner, MD

Cannabinoid Signaling Research

Plant-Based Nutrition,

Cornell University

The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is the primary agency of the United States government responsible for biomedical and public health research. Surprisingly, for the past half-century, the NIH has paid Israeli researchers millions of dollars to study the effects of the medical cannabis. What has been the return on investment for that long-standing partnership? The American people have the right to know, right?

We live in a pivotal time in the cannabis revolution, under the gavel of Jeff Sessions, our Attorney General. His personal vendetta against the plant is so biased and aggressive, it almost seems surreal. Not only did he say that “Good people don’t smoke Marijuana.“ Sessions goes on:

“I mean, we need grown-ups in charge in Washington to say marijuana is not the kind of thing that ought to be legalized. It ought not to be minimized, that it’s in fact a very real danger. Lives will be impacted. Families will be broken up. Children will be damaged because of the difficulties their parents have, and people may be psychologically impacted the rest of their lives with marijuana.”

Chuck Rosenberg, head of the Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) thinks that “Medical cannabis is a joke.”

When there is 2.3 million patients in the US relying on the plant as their medicine (legally) [20], we need the best evidence there is to warn about dangers, but also teach about the benefits! Just recently I witnessed a child with an active seizure receive an intranasal spray that was cannabis based. The seizure stopped within seconds.

Medical cannabis is not a joke. There have been tremendous gains in understanding the medicinal properties of this plant in all of its divine molecular artistry. As of this year, several pharmaceutical “cannabis-like” synthetic drugs—all in the name of patents—have been approved with more than a half dozen to follow. And yet, the actual plant remains highly illegal from a federal vista.

Take Insys Therapeutics, for example. A pharmaceutical company that was one of the chief financial backers of the opposition to marijuana legalization in Arizona recently, received preliminary approval from the FDA for Syndros, a synthetic marijuana drug.

This begs the question:

Are pharmaceutical companies exploiting the federal healthcare agencies?



Although making some cash from a plant behind our backs sounds extraneous, the societal impact is shocking. The FDA’s classification of cannabis on the Controlled Substance Act and the enforcement of cannabis violations by the DEA are having a devastating ripple effect on the entire system. Recently, the Human Rights Watch reported that,

“on any given day at least 137,000 men and women are behind bars in the United States for drug possession [12].”

Law enforcement agencies report more arrests for marijuana possession alone than for all violent crimes combined. Sadly, a black adult is 2.5 times more likely to get arrested than a white adult for drug possession, despite similar usage rates. The ones suffering the most are families in poor communities of color.

Let’s shed some light on modern federal prohibition tactics. It’s time for solid counter-arguments on why it’s long overdue to take the U.S. healthcare medical industrial complex and treatment of disease in a new direction.

Dr. Tom Price recently took the post of Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) overseeing the National Institute of Drug Abuse (NIDA), among other healthcare agencies in the CDC, NIH and FDA. One goal of this article is to encourage the restructuring of these departments and end prohibition, which is far more detrimental to society than the one on alcohol in the 1920s. Chuck Rosenberg (DEA) and Sessions (AG) are seasoned attorneys with no medical background. Who advises these gentlemen is Dr. Volkow, head of the National Institute of Drug Abuse (NIDA).

The National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA)

According to the National Institute of Health,

“The mission of NIDA is to advance science on the causes and consequences of drug use and addiction and to apply that knowledge to improve individual and public health.”

In October 1992, NIDA became part of the National Institutes of Health and United States Department of Health and Human Services.

Dr. Nora Volkow – Director – NIDA

Since 2003, Dr. Nora Volkow has been the director of NIDA. Dr. Volkow is the great granddaughter of Leon Trotsky, who was a Marxist revolutionary, Soviet politician and the founder and commander of the Red Army. He was an irreconcilable atheist. For some Trotsky was a hero; for others he was outright ruthless. Trotsky believed that

“We must rid ourselves once and for all of the Quaker-Papist babble about the sanctity of human life.”

These core human believes are often carried through generations. Dr. Volkow obviously had no influence on her grandfather’s actions. Thus, let’s disregard any religious beliefs and focus on what we have at hand.

Born and raised in Mexico—where Leon Trotsky was assassinated in 1940—Dr. Volkow earned her medical degree from the National University of Mexico, immigrated to the United States, and then completed a psychiatry residency in New York City.

The Opioid Disaster

Drug overdose deaths in 2016 exceeded 59,000 people, the largest annual jump ever recorded in the United States, according to preliminary data compiled by The New York Times. When we look at some hard statistics from the National Institute of Health, we can conclude in the graph below…

…that a decade after Dr. Volkow took office at NIDA in 2003, opioid deaths have more than doubled. The U.S. makes up 4.6 percent of the world’s populations, but consumes 81 percent of the world supply of oxycodone [6]. Every 15 minutes a poor citizen dies because of opioid toxicity.

From 2004 until 2015, Dr. Volkow earned just over $$3 million [3]. She falls in the highest-paid ten percent of employees in the National Institutes of Health. Her pay is 46 percent higher than the average Medical Officer across all agencies. Why this advantage? These death numbers are catastrophic, yet her salary has kept increasing [3].

In 2016, Dr. Volkow requested $$1.1 billion dollars from the federal budget, $$33 million more than in 2015 [9]. The NIH is funding NIDA to “improve individual and public health” by examining the current best science and present possible solutions. Opioids are killing well over 10 times more Americans a year than all terrorist attacks of the last 16 years combined [12]. On NIDA’s website, one may discover the latest on how magnets may cure cocaine addiction [2], but promising ideas are lacking. People are dying and it does not look promising. They are scratching their heads at the NIH. Meanwhile, NIDA is great at reporting data:

“In 2015, two million people had a prescription opioid use disorder and 591,000 suffered from a heroin use disorder; prescription drug misuse alone cost the nation $$78.5 billion in healthcare, law enforcement, and lost productivity.”

Thanks, but where did the rest of the billion dollar of federal funding go?

NIDA and Cannabis

The US National Library of Medicine at the NIH (PubMed) reveals 16,630 scientific articles on cannabis and 25,648 on marijuana (marijuana and cannabis are essentially the same, but a different story for another time).

There are now 29 states with cannabis programs, essentially ignoring NIDA’s supportive stand on prohibition. The states’ cannabis programs were implemented due to the hard work of certain individuals, e.g. parents fighting with heroic state representatives for their children.

They were the ones who dug deep into this sort of research. They achieved legislative changes. There are hundreds of articles written about the benefits of cannabis. It would take a book to highlight them all.

The studies NIDA focuses on to defend the status quo

Short term Cannabis effects (according to NIDA)

“altered senses (for example, seeing brighter colors), altered sense of time, changes in mood, impaired body movement, difficulty with thinking and problem-solving, impaired memory [4].”

Some of Dr. Bogner’s most intelligent patients are using cannabis, so let us compare their alleged “side effects” to some of the side effects of synthroid, currently the most commonly prescribed medication in the United States:

Seizures, lack or slowing of normal growth in children, chest pain or discomfort, decreased urine output, difficult or labored breathing, difficulty with swallowing, dilated neck veins, extreme fatigue, fainting, fast, slow, irregular, pounding, or racing heartbeat or pulse, fever, heat intolerance [5].

It appears that synthroid has many more possible serious effects than cannabis. I lost track of how many patients would have loved to wean of their methadone and use cannabis in my office. Many fear they cannot, since they may lose their jobs.

Long term Cannabis effects (according to NIDA)

“Marijuana also affects brain development. When people begin using marijuana as teenagers, the drug may reduce thinking, memory, and learning functions and affect how the brain builds connections between the areas necessary for these functions. Marijuana’s effects on these abilities may last a long time or even be permanent [4].”

The above statements are controversial to say the least. Before you take it as scientific fact, I urge you to investigate what they base their statements on.

In order to claim that cannabis may permanently injure our brains, NIDA, with its billions of dollars annual budget, should be transparent and provide bulletproof evidence that medical cannabis is harmful to people. The best science from the U.S. federal database offers 25,648 research papers on cannabinoid signaling research.

According to former President Barack Obama’s 2004 memoir, as a high school kid, he would smoke “in a white classmate’s sparkling new van,” he would smoke “in the dorm room of some brother,” and he would smoke “on the beach with a couple of Hawaiian kids.”

Besides Obama, Sarah Palin, Bill Clinton, George W Bush, Matt Damon, Martha Stuart, Morgan Freeman, David Letterman, Ted Turner, Brad Pitt, Michael Bloomberg, George Clooney, Sanjay Gupta, Rand Paul, John Kerry, Oprah Winfrey, there is many more who have either tried and liked cannabis and/or currently are cannabis consumers. According to Bill Gates, “Marijuana was the drug of choice.”

Michael Phelps used cannabis and won more gold medals (28) than any Olympian. Ever!

In all seriousness, according to our government, here is the best evidence of the harmful effects of this plant.

Cannabis is Dangerous – NIDA’s (embarrassing) case

NIDA presents this New Zealand study [7], which concluded that people who started smoking marijuana heavily in their teens and had an ongoing ‘marijuana use disorder’ lost an average of 8 IQ points between the ages 13 and 38. Statistically speaking, it found a positive association between, on the one hand, adolescent-onset cannabis use and dependence and, on the other hand, a decline in IQ from childhood to adulthood

Why NIDA is wrong to quote this study to defend prohibition



The University of Oxford (United Kingdom) criticized the above chosen study by NIDA, elegantly realizing that they did not account for the possible impact of socioeconomic status during different epoches of life, concluding that

“the causal effects estimated in Meier et al. are likely to be overestimates, and that the true effect could be zero.”[21]

The findings are also completely inconsistent with separate, better controlled longitudinal studies, e.g.

In a 2016 study, researchers at Cornell University [22] looked at more than 3,000 adolescent twins. The conclusion was that

“Marijuana-using twins failed to show significantly greater IQ decline relative to their abstinent siblings. Evidence from these two samples suggests that observed declines in measured IQ may not be a direct result of marijuana exposure but rather attributable to familial factors that underlie both marijuana initiation and low intellectual attainment.”

Another study in 2016 coming from the University of London [23] studied 2235 teenagers in a longitudinal study and concluded that

“Adolescent cannabis use is not associated with IQ or educational performance once adjustment is made for potential confounds, in particular adolescent cigarette use. Modest cannabis use in teenagers may have less cognitive impact than epidemiological surveys of older cohorts have previously suggested.”

Last, but definitely not least, the original author of the study above, Madeline Meier, just released a new, follow-up study this July in 2017 [24].

She looked at 1,989 twins and concluded that

“Short-term cannabis use in adolescence does not appear to cause IQ decline or impair executive functions, even when cannabis use reaches the level of dependence.”

More Bad Science quoted by NIDA

“Adverse Health effects of Marijuana use” [8]

Dr. Volkow published this study in 2014. It’s quoted often by NIDA as rote defense on the current federal cannabis prohibition. The most damaging accusations come in the following paragraph:

Dr. Volkow writes in her conclusion that cannabis causes brain damage. The above statement is a conclusion from another scientific paper, as reflected in the little number 12 at the end. This indicates the reference to her claim. Let’s look at people they compared. The paper quoted by her compared 59 cannabis users to just 33 non-users. A small, unbalanced sampling. Hardly conclusive from a peer-reviewed science vista.

A review with some great concerns:

NIDA claims cannabis causes brain damage by quoting this study that compared 59 cannabis users with 33 non-users (this is power bias) The cannabis users were significantly heavier smokers of cigarettes than non-users (we know there are approximately 600 ingredients in cigarettes. When burned, they create more than 7,000 chemicals) (selection bias) Cannabis users had an IQ of 3 lower than non-users. Is this even noticeable clinically? (myside bias)

Instead of providing good science from the data at hand, NIDA appears to get paid to be the agency gatekeeper instead, having the most critical say with the most weight of any agency in the federal process of re-scheduling.

Medical Marijuana Laws and Cannabis Use – Intersections of Health and Policy

In the April 2017 issue of JAMA Psychiatry [14], Dr. Volkow gives us the most current view of the agency on cannabis. The conclusion was that

“While research continues to gather evidence to that end, clinicians are faced with the reality reinforced by the findings from Hasin et al that cannabis use is increasing among adults living in states that have legalized medical marijuana.”

Dr. Volkow quotes another NIDA funded study [15] to conclude this. If we look at it, you can find that from 2001 to 2013, illicit cannabis use went up to a maximum of 7% in Colorado, 5% in California and lower in other states.

This sounds like a terrible trend. But let us see what message is relayed here.

First, there is no serious health adverse affects reported. Simply saying that more people violated the law (7 more percent used the plant illegally) is a policy issue, not a health concern.

Where is the data demonstrating HARM? Cannabis use “disorder” is not a disorder if the individual chose that modality instead of opioids or other dangerous pharmaceuticals and if there is no good science demonstrating compromise of intelligence.

If we look at the most recent data reported from Colorado [16], only 3% of registered marijuana patients were under the age of 21. Three years into regulated sales of recreational cannabis, the Retail Marijuana Public Health Advisory Committee says calls to poison control and marijuana-related emergency room visits are down, even though overall consumption of pot remains steady [17].

Marijuana is not Colorado adults’ drug of choice: About 6 percent of those surveyed said they used marijuana daily or near-daily. That compares to 16 percent for daily or near-daily tobacco use and 22 percent for daily or near-daily alcohol use [17].

Why is NIDA continuing to waste so much money on these senseless studies on cannabis (which are using data from half a decade back), when they should be focusing on problems that can cause actual DEATH, e.g. alcohol, cigarettes or opioids?

Conclusion

NIDA reports to other federal agencies that cannabis is dangerous. NIDA concludes this by backing FALSE science that has been disproven [21].[22],[23],[24]. Our federal government is defending the status quo of cannabis by quoting FALSE science.

Cannabis – The complete opposite of what the government tells us

As mentioned above, the plant that is kept behind federal bars is one of the most studied plant ever. 25,648 Pubmed articles speak for themselves. As quoted above, we can see that there is incredible evidence that cannabis does not make you dumber. But is it possible that this plant can actually be good for us? Here is some of the top summaries that reflect benefits for human disease.

Some of the best research summary findings come from our own Ivy-league Universities, summarized by organizations like NORML or the National Academy of Sciences:

National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws (NORML) lists 23 medical conditions with excellent research backup for each [18]

“There exists little if any scientific basis to justify the federal government’s present prohibitive stance and there is ample scientific and empirical evidence to rebut it.”

In early 2017, a comprehensive review (400 pages) was conducted by the National Academy of Sciences in Washington D.C.

“We found conclusive or substantial evidence (ranging in modest to moderate effect) for benefit from cannabis or cannabinoids for chronic pain, chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting, and patient-reported symptoms of spasticity associated with multiple sclerosis.” [19]

US Patent 6630507 – Cannabinoids are protecting your brain cells – Yours truly: Unites States Government

Owned by HHS, United States patent 6630507 demonstrates how cannabinoids from the plant protect brain cells and are helpful for Alzheimer’s disease and other neurological diseases including stroke and Parkinson’s disease [13]. NIDA is directly contradicting the agency it receives funding from (NIH, HHS)!

The Shafer Commision Report

In the early 1970s, President Nixon appointed Gov. Raymond P. Shafer of Pennsylvania, a former prosecutor with a “law-and-order” reputation, to run a commission that would demonstrate enough evidence to re-affirm Marijuana to the “most dangerous” list, Schedule I.

The Shafer Commission “recorded thousands of pages of transcripts of formal and informal hearings, solicited all points of view, including those of public officials, community leaders, professional experts and students.

They conducted separate surveys of opinion among district attorneys, judges, probation officers, clinicians, university health officials and ‘free clinic’ personnel.

They commissioned more than 50 projects, ranging from a study of the effects of marijuana on man to a field survey of enforcement of the marijuana laws in six metropolitan jurisdictions.” Shafer brought his report to the White House March 21, 1972. It was 1,184 pages long. Some interesting findings:

“No significant physical, biochemical, or mental abnormalities could be attributed solely to their marihuana smoking.

No valid stereotype of a marihuana user or non-user can be drawn.

Young people who choose to experiment with marihuana are fundamentally the same people, socially and psychologically, as those who use alcohol and tobacco.

No verification is found of a causal relationship between marihuana use and subsequent heroin use.

Most users, young and old, demonstrate an average or above-average degree of social functioning, academic achievement, and job performance.

The weight of the evidence is that marihuana does not cause violent or aggressive behavior; if anything marihuana serves to inhibit the expression of such behavior.

Marihuana is not generally viewed by participants in the criminal justice community as a major contributing influence in the commission of delinquent or criminal acts.

Neither the marihuana user nor the drug itself can be said to constitute a danger to public safety.

Research has not yet proven that marihuana use significantly impairs driving ability or performance.” -Shafer Commission report 3/21/1972

Nixon response to the media 2 days after its release:

“If we move the line to the other side and accept the use of this drug, how can we draw the line against other illegal drugs”?

Shafer was fired, his work was ignored. His report has never been disproven.

The NIH funding of Cannabis research in Israel

Professor Raphael Mechoulam, based in Israel, is the world expert on cannabis research. He calls cannabis a “neglected pharmacological treasure trove [11]. “ The fascinating medicinal properties of cannabis are mirrored in Professor Mechoulam’s work. He discovered the THC molecule in the 1960s and since has co-authored four books and has published over 390 research papers on endo- (=our own) and phyto- (=plant)cannabinoids. Interestingly enough, the NIH has funded his research for the past 50 years.

Mechoulam on his NIH funding:

“As a few young people in the US were apparently using cannabis in the 1960s (and later), NIH wanted to know all about it. Although NIH does not generally fund foreign researchers, they made an exception in my case. They never interfered with my research and they never asked me (or suggested) to go into any specific direction [10].”

Every year, NIDA has its annual meeting where various topics are addressed. During the 2011 meeting, NIDA awarded a lifetime achievement/discovery award [10] to Israeli researcher Raphael Mechoulam.

Dr. Mechoulam did nothing wrong. Who wouldn’t want to get paid to study the healing effects of a plant? He did so and stands on my imaginary Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine shelf.

The problem clearly originates in Maryland, somewhere within the four miles that include the physical perimeters of the NIDA and NIH headquarters. The definition of “exploit” is to “make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource).” This is scientific treason committed by NIDA.

Now what?

We are paying another country to do cannabis research, so pharmaceutical companies can develop drugs that mimic cannaboids that allegedly have the same or similar beneficial outcomes, yet bring more harmful side effects. There is nothing wrong in providing a product to consumers.

It is criminal, however, when the government lets big pharma cash in on cannabis-like drugs and at the same time keeps hundreds of thousands of our citizens locked up in jail for just possessing the plant (which made the drug for pharma in the first place).

In order to create change for the better, the federal government needs to keep their involvement in the science of cannabis very limited and instead focus on the opioid, alcohol, cigarette and obesity crises.

Uncle Sam has had its shot at it for too long and has misled the American people, becoming part of the propaganda in neither allowing the science to govern the natural course of medical cannabis research and development, nor allowing its legalization at the federal level.

Re-scheduling cannabis is not the answer, however. It is long past time to de-criminalize cannabis to liberate the sacred plant and take it off the DEA’s Controlled Substance Act.

The effects on the economy

Jeffrey A. Miron, a senior lecturer in economics at Harvard University, wrote a report that concludes that legalization would reduce state and federal deficits by eliminating expenditure on prohibition enforcement—arrests, prosecutions, and incarceration—and by allowing governments to collect tax revenue on legalized sales. Approximately $$8.7 billion of the savings would result from legalization of marijuana.



Dr. Price’s HHS owns the patent on the neuroprotective effects of cannabinoids. Not surprisingly, the patent quoted 27 of the finest cannabis research papers from the world experts on the subject [13]. Cannabis is helpful for treating devastating neurological diseases and may be helpful in the opioid withdrawal and autism spectrum disorder realms, as well.

Dr. Price and the HHS should give the patent back to Mother Earth. She, in kind, will give it back to the people. We will save lives; we will save the government at the federal and state levels billions for years to come; we will revolutionize healthcare. The time is now.

Christian Bogner, MD

About the author: Dr. Bogner researches plan-based nutrition and the use of cannabis in the treatment of autism and other health conditions.

Republished with permission. Read the full article at drbogner.com.

References

[1] https://www.nih.gov/about-nih/what-we-do/nih-almanac/national-institute-drug-abuse-nida

[2] https://www.drugabuse.gov/news-events/nida-notes/2017/03/narrative-discovery-can-magnets-treat-cocaine-addiction-part-3

[3] https://www.federalpay.org/employees/national-institutes-of-health/volkow-nora-d

[4] https://www.drugabuse.gov/publications/drugfacts/marijuana

[5] https://www.drugs.com/sfx/synthroid-side-effects.html

[6] http://www.nsc.org/RxDrugOverdoseDocuments/Prescription-Nation-2016-American-Drug-Epidemic.pdf

[7] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3479587/

[8] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24897085

[9] https://officeofbudget.od.nih.gov/pdfs/FY16/ONDCP%20(Volume%201).pdf

[10] http://www.thedailybell.com/cannabis-marijuana/anthony-wile-dr-raphael-mechoulam-the-promise-of-cannabis/

[11] https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1751232/

[12] https://real-leaders.com/this-should-scare-you-more-than-terrorism-the-opioid-epidemic/

[13] http://patent6630507.info/

[14] https://archpsyc.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?doi=10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2017.0723

[15] http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jamapsychiatry/article-abstract/2619522?utm_campaign=articlePDF&utm_medium=articlePDFlink&utm_source=articlePDF&utm_content=jamapsychiatry.2017.0723

[16] https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/sites/default/files/CHED_MMR_Monthly_Report-JUNE_2017.pdf

[17] http://www.thecannabist.co/2017/01/31/colorado-marijuana-data-2017-report-health-effects-trends/72711/

[18] http://norml.org/component/zoo/category/recent-research-on-medical-marijuana

[19] http://www.nationalacademies.org/hmd/Reports/2017/health-effects-of-cannabis-and-cannabinoids.aspx

[20] https://www.mpp.org/issues/medical-marijuana/state-by-state-medical-marijuana-laws/medical-marijuana-patient-numbers/

[21] http://www.pnas.org/content/110/11/4251

[22] http://www.pnas.org/content/113/5/E500.abstract

[23] http://journals.sagepub.com/doi/pdf/10.1177/0269881115622241

[24] http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/add.13946/abstract",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32772,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

We just want to raise our daughter. Is that too much to ask?

Juanita and TJ Muhl are a Colorado couple who are grieving over Yechezkela, their infant daughter nicknamed Yael, who was taken from them while still in the hospital by the State of Colorado. The parents are well-educated, and each is employed.

This is their story.

Juanita was only 24 weeks along in the pregnancy when she had to be rushed to the hospital due to severe bleeding.

Juanita was placed with a doctor with whom she had some prior issues. When the couple saw which physician was assigned to care for Juanita and the child, they requested to be moved to another hospital.

According to medical records, the physicians decided to go ahead and allow the birth of the child via caesarean section even though it was still very early for her tiny body to leave her mother’s womb.

The issues began almost immediately. It seemed to Juanita that the hospital had something to hide:

They placed me on a medical and mental health hold. Preventing me from seeking out her care. [We] were kidnapped. When I tried to call for emergency help, they tore the phone out of the wall, and threw my cell phone and broke it. My husband was removed from the hospital, and told he could not see me, if he came back he would be trespassing. On November 19 at 3 centimeters [dilation], they took Yael out of my stomach. By November 20, I was discharged, being found with no mental health needs, and the emergency was over. On November 21, my husband took me into another hospital per my [regular] doctor. I was admitted, due to having lost most of my blood while in the other hospital, and my surgery stitches were opening. I needed 5 bags of blood.

Yael came to this world on November 19, 2016, weighing just 1 pound, 5.5 ounces. She had to live at the hospital because of her medical fragility, and her parents faithfully drove the 60+ miles to be with her each day. They even moved into the Ronald McDonald house in order to be near their child.

According to her parents, Yael was transferred to Children’s Hospital of Colorado in Aurora on February 17, 2017.

Conflicts over Medical Treatments

The Muhls are a Messianic Jewish couple, so when the doctors wanted to provide treatment for acid reflux which entailed using non-Kosher medicines, they refused.

They also refused to allow the doctors to use other medicines which are known to cause side-effects in newborns.

The parents told the medical team that they would consent for Yael to have any necessary immunizations, and they informed the doctors that there were Kosher vaccinations out there that they could use.

According to the parents, Yael was given vitamin K, after which Yael had seizures for two weeks. The parents were never told whether Yael was given other shots.

The doctor wanted to give Yael anti-reflux medications, which according to TJ’s research, would cause side effects in the infant. Only recently, the parents discovered that the medical records show these acid reflux medicines were not actually needed. They were ordered for an acid reflux problem, which according to the hospital’s own records, went away on its own.

The medical team allegedly never told the parents this fact. Instead, the team later used the issue of her parents refusing to allow her to be given these medications to take the child into state custody.

When the parents requested that other treatments be used that would not break Kosher and FDA guidelines, the medical team reportedly would not cooperate. The medical team contacted Colorado Child Protection Services, and there was a flurry of activity to attempt to put the child in the care of the state.

Medical Complications

Baby Yael was having more complications due to her premature birth. She was diagnosed with ROP (retinopathy of prematurity) and had to have surgical procedures done on her tiny eyes. These did not work, so Yael became blind. It has been medically shown that oxygen given to a newborn can cause ROP.

TJ and Juanita continued to research options for their baby. According to Juanita:

We already had her registered with Maryland school for the blind. We had contacted an ophthamologist from the oldest eye institute in the country, and started joining support groups for parents like us.

On March 3, Juanita and TJ discovered that there was a PVL brain cyst in Yael’s tiny brain. Periventricular leukomalacia (PVL) is a common ischemic brain injury in premature babies. This further complicated Yael’s medical prognosis because usually this injury leads to cerebral palsy.

Juanita Muhl asked the doctors about this, and she said that they did not have much to tell her about it. She wanted to know: what were they hiding?

On March 5, the Colorado Department of Human Services was granted an emergency custody order to seize Yael. The parents were removed from Yael’s hospital. On that same day, the hospital was granted a court order to give Yael the medicines for acid reflux — which were allegedly not even necessary according to the hospital’s own records.

By May 19, the Muhls discovered that the foster family could stay at the hospital with Yael, but her natural parents were no longer allowed to stay by her side.

Need for Surgery Magically Disappears

The next development was that Yael had some heart defects and needed surgery. There was much discussion that it had to be done immediately.

Yael’s true biological parents were approached about this, and indicated that they would indeed allow the surgery, but it could not be done at the hospital in Aurora. A few days later, Juanita and TJ received the word that Yael would not need the surgery until much later in her young life.

Supporters are asking if the hospital administration and staff are trying to cover for making mistakes with this baby? Currently, all is relatively quiet on this case; however, Baby Yael is still not with her parents. There is another court appearance set for July 13.

The family has a great emotional support system from their community. Juanita and TJ are active volunteers in their community, and many are praying for Yael. They have had one fundraiser, and are hoping to raise enough money to hire a lawyer to help them in this fight.

There is a recent improvement in Yael’s condition. Her mother posted on Yael’s Facebook page on Tuesday, June 13th:

How You Can Help

Yechezkela is the Facebook page that has been set up so that supporters can follow Baby Yael’s story.

Governor John Hickenlooper may be reached at (303) 866-2471, or contacted here.

Michael Merrifield is the state Senator for the Muhl’s district. He may be reached at (303) 866-6364, or contacted here.

Tony Exum, Sr. is the Representative for the family’s district. He may be reached at (303) 866-3069, or contacted here

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com.

Medical Kidnapping: A Threat to Every Family in America T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton!

Order here!

Medical Kidnapping is REAL!

See: Medical Kidnapping: A Threat to Every Family in America Today

Help spread the awareness of Medical Kidnapping by wearing the Medical Kidnapping t-shirt!

Support the cause of MedicalKidnap.com, which is part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
46946,"By Halle

Whole Lifestyle Nutrition

I love cooking on stainless steel pans, but it took some practice and some tips and tricks to get the hang of using these wonderful pans. In this video I showed you how to preheat your pan and then I added some coconut oil followed by adding my egg mixture and demonstrated how to cook your eggs in a stainless steel pan without having them stick all over the pan.

Read the full article here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24125,"How are autism and cancer related? Two internationally known doctors may have lost their lives, because they knew about the connection between these two diseases. Dr. Jeffrey Bradstreet, MD, an alternative autism specialist, and Dr. Nicholas Gonzalez, MD, an alternative cancer specialist, saw the truth and were willing to step outside of the standard allopathic medical model for treating cancer and autism. They were pioneers in their respective fields and both recently died or perhaps were killed because of their successful treatments of sick, suffering and dying patients. Were Dr. Bradstreet and Dr Gonzalez about to explain to the public that one of the key causes of cancer and autism is nagalase, which is being injected into the body as a part of vaccines? Is it possible that those who claim that they are preventing communicable diseases are actually creating cancer and autism? We will likely never know about their plans for disclosure – we can only wonder!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24114,"by National Vaccine Information Center

In what appears to be an unprecedented move, the Allegheny County Health Department (Pittsburgh) is considering a MANDATE that would REQUIRE all 7th grade boys and girls to receive the HPV VACCINE before being admitted to school. Given that the HPV (Human papillomavirus) is sexually transmitted, not contagious in a school setting, and already available to anyone who wants it, this proposed mandate is totally unnecessary for the health of school children.

This proposal only affects Allegheny County – for now. However, if this action is successful, the floodgates will be opened for counties across the Commonwealth and possibly other states to mandate this controversial vaccine. Below are separate urgent action items to fight this for both those residing in the county and for those who live everywhere else in the state.

At a recent public meeting organized by the Health Department, numerous medical professionals spoke in favor of the HPV vaccine mandate. It has since been discovered that several of the speakers have conflicts of interest related to vaccine manufacturers that they failed to disclose.

The Allegheny County Health Department has asked for comments by July 7, and based on the public response, a report will be made to the Allegheny Board of Health on July 13. The Board will make a recommendation on whether or not to proceed with the mandating the HPV vaccine through the regulatory process for the 2017-2018 school year.

Time is short: We just learned that the Department of Health wants all letters by July 7. NOW, it is time for YOUR voice to be heard. Please take a few minutes to get involved and spread the word about this proposed mandate.

ACTIONS TO TAKE: DEADLINE JULY 7, 2016 For RESIDENTS of Allegheny County:

Please include your full name and address in all correspondence.

1. Write the Allegheny County Health Department at: publichealthcomment@alleghenycounty.us with the clear message, “Allegheny County should NOT mandate the HPV vaccine!” Additional talking points below.

2. Send the same message to the Allegheny County Board of Health at boardofhealth@alleghenycounty.us

3. Call and e-mail Your County Council Members, as they will have the final decision on this action. Ask them to oppose this proposed HPV vaccine mandate. County public health officials are unelected and unaccountable to voters, however, the Allegheny County Council Members must answer to their constituents. (Contact information listed below.)

4. Email the Allegheny County Chief Executive, Rich.Fitzgerald@alleghenycounty.usand the two Council at Large Members, John.DeFazio@alleghenycounty.us and Samuel.DeMarco@alleghenycounty.us, asking them to oppose this proposed mandate.

5. Contact your school district superintendent, informing them that if this proposed mandate goes through, Allegheny County Schools Districts will have different vaccine requirements than the rest of the state. Kindly ask your superintendent to oppose this proposed mandate. (School District Information listed below.)

6. Contact your state legislators (representatives and senators), who represent Allegheny County, informing them that the Health Department is considering mandating vaccines for a sexually transmitted virus for 7th grade students. There is NO public health crisis and such a move causes citizens to distrust public health officials. Ask them to speak out and take action against this proposed mandate. Locate them here. If you are registered with the NVIC Advocacy Portal, login at http://NVICAdvocacy.org, Click on the Pennsylvania State Team tab, and your personal state legislators and links to their contact information will automatically be displayed on the right.

7. Please forward this message to your friends in Allegheny County, asking them to take a stand against this proposed mandate.

8. Anyone wanting to speak at the July 13th meeting at 12:30 p.m., when the Health Department presents the tallying of the public comments to the Board of Health, needs to e-mail boardofhealth@alleghenycounty.us at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting. Each person gets 3 minutes to speak.

For PENNSYLVAIANS OUTSIDE of Allegheny County:

1. Contact your state senator and representative. Inform them that you disagree with the Allegheny County Health Department’s proposal to mandate 7th graders receive the HPV vaccine. Politely, let them know that this proposed mandate for a sexually transmitted virus is an abuse of power from county public health officials. Ask them to take legislative action so a similar mandate NEVER happens in your county. Locate them here. If you are registered with the NVIC Advocacy Portal, login at http://NVICAdvocacy.org, Click on the Pennsylvania State Team tab, and your personal state legislators and links to their contact information will automatically be displayed on the right.

2. Forward this email to those who live in the Pittsburgh area so they can contact the Allegheny County Health Department, Allegheny County Board of Health, Allegheny County Council, school districts and state legislators with their opposition to this proposed mandate. Your emails can be as simple as:

Dear Allegheny County Health Department (or Board of Health or Council Member or School District Superintendent or Representative or Senator)

I do NOT support mandating the HPV vaccine for 7th grade students that the Allegheny County Health Department is considering. A mandate for a sexually transmitted virus is completely unnecessary and it should not happen in Allegheny County or any other county in Pennsylvania.

This vaccine is already available to parents who wish to have it administered to their children.

Thank you for your time and attention.

Sincerely, Your name and address

If possible, write a more detailed letter to the officials using the 10 Talking Points below. The MOST IMPORTANT ACTION TO TAKE is to write a letter, of any length, to oppose this proposed mandate. If appropriate, include any personal stories of vaccine injury.

10 Talking Points to Oppose HPV Vaccine Mandates

1. Parents have a right to make healthcare decisions for their children- not the state, much less the county. The HPV vaccine is already available to any family who wants it. It does NOT need to be mandated.

2. There is NO medical emergency in Allegheny County to merit mandating the HPV vaccine! HPV is sexually transmitted. It is NOT communicable and NOT likely to be spread in a school setting.

3. Vaccines Carry a Risk of Harm. Vaccines are pharmaceutical products that carry a risk of injury or death, a fact that was acknowledged by the U.S. Congress in 1986 when it passed the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act. Since 1988, the federal vaccine injury compensation program created under that law has awarded more than $$3.3 billion to children and adults injured by vaccines or to families whose loved ones died from vaccine reactions. In 2011, the US Supreme Court ruled that ALL vaccines are “unavoidably unsafe.”

4. With over 100 strains, HPV is the most common STD in the US. HPV infection is experienced by the majority of sexually active women and men without symptoms and is naturally cleared from the body within two years by more than 90 %of those who become infected. According to the CDC, “HPV is very common in women under age 30,” and “…most HPV that is found in these women will never cause them health problems.”

5. As of June 24, 2016, there were 44,633 vaccine reaction reports made to the federal Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS) associated with HPV vaccines. 5,749 were classified as serious reactions, and included unexplained collapse, muscle pain and weakness, disabling fatigue, paralysis, brain inflammation, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, blood clots, multiple sclerosis, optic neuritis, spontaneous abortions, strokes, cardiac issues, seizures/convulsions, and many other health problems, as well as 261 deaths. (VAERS reporting is voluntary and it receives reports for only a small fraction of actual adverse events.)

6. According to the State Health Department’s EDDIE database, for the last 5 years that data are available (from 2009-2013), the average death rate due to cervical AND uterine cancer accounted for 0.2% of ALL deaths in Allegheny County and less than 1% of all cancer deaths. If we assume every case was caused by HPV, which is improbable, we can deduce that there never was and never will be a cervical cancer epidemic!

7. HPV vaccines are exorbitantly expensive; the three shot series of HPV vaccines and office visit could be more than $$500, making it Merck’s top selling vaccine, bringing in $$1.7 billion in sales

8. Several countries removed HPV from their recommended schedule, and France, India, Japan, and Spain have each filed criminal charges against HPV vaccine manufacturers for fraud, safety, and providing misleading information.

9. Stating that those wishing not to take the HPV vaccine can use the exemption is NO guarantee that Pennsylvania children will be able to opt out of HPV vaccines in the future. In 2015, California eliminated all non-medical vaccine exemptions. Two bills, SB696, and HB883, were introduced in the PA legislature this session to remove vaccine exemptions.

10. In the study “Death After Quadrivalent HPV Vaccination: Causal or Coincidental?” Neuroscientist Dr. Chris Shaw and Biochemist Dr. Lucija Tomljenovic concluded that HPV vaccines “pose an inherent risk for triggering potentially fatal” adverse reactions by causing acute autoimmunity.

Click HERE to determine your County Council Member and District Please ask the County Executive AND your County Council Member to oppose this proposed mandate. If you visit them or talk to them on the phone, please invite them to see the upcoming showing of the movie VAXXED in Pittsburgh beginning July 8th. Ticket information can be found here.

*Allegheny County residents, call your own Council Member first, then the Council Members At Large (AL*)

County Executive Rich Fitzgerald 412-350-6500 Rich.Fitzgerald@alleghenycounty.usExecutive@alleghenycounty.ushttp://www.alleghenycounty.us/county-executive/contact/county-executive.aspx

COUNCIL MEMBERS

John DeFazio (President) AL* 412-350-6516 john.defazio@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilatlg.asp?no=1

Samuel DeMarco III AL*412-350-6520 Samuel.DeMarco@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilatlg.asp?no=2

Thomas Baker 1 412-350-6525 thomas.baker@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=1

Cindy Kirk 2 412-350-6530 cindy.kirk@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=2

Edward Kress 3 412-350-6535 edward.kress@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=3

Michael J. Finnerty 4 412-350-6540 michael.finnerty@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=4

Sue Means 5 412-350-6545 sue.means@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=5

John F. Palmiere 6 412-350-6550 john.palmiere@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=6

Nicholas Futules (V.P.) 7 412-350-6555 nicholas.futules@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=7

Dr. Charles Martoni 8 412-350-6560 charles.martoni@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=8

Robert Macey 9 412-350-6565 Robert.Macey@alleghenycounty.us http://www.alleghenycounty.us/county-council/contact/district-9.aspx

DeWitt Walton 10 412-350-6570 DeWitt.walton@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=10

Paul Klein 11 412-350-6575 paul.klein@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=11

James R. Ellenbogen 12 412-350-6580 james.ellenbogen@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=12

Denise Ranalli Russell 13 412-350-6585 denise.russell@alleghenycounty.us http://apps.alleghenycounty.us/website/councilrep.asp?dist=13

Please ask School District Superintendents or Principals to oppose this proposed mandate as Allegheny County would have different vaccine regulations than any other county in Pennsylvania. If your children attend private schools, please contact the school administrators.

(Allegheny County School District information was taken from: http://www.aiu3.net/home.aspx and school district websites. Every attempt has been made to be accurate, but due to employee turnover, some of the information may have changed.)

School District

Pittsburgh Public Schools Contact your local school principal District # 412-529-4357 http://www.pps.k12.pa.us/Page/1

Allegheny Valley School DistrictPatrick M. Graczyk 724-274-5300 pgraczyk@avsd.k12.pa.us http://www.avsdweb.org/

Avonworth School District Thomas Ralston 412-369-8738 Ext 1504 tralston@avonworth.k12.pa.us http://www.avonworth.k12.pa.us

Baldwin-Whitehall School District Randy A. Lutz 412-884-6300 RLutz@bwschools.net http://www.bwschools.net Bethel Park School District Joseph W. Pasquerilla, Ed.D 412-854-8402 pasquerilla.joseph@bphawks.org http://www.bpsd.org

Brentwood Borough School District Dr. Amy Burch 412-881-2227 ext. 2400 burcha@bb-sd.com http://www.brentwoodpgh.k12.pa.us Carlynton School District Gary Peiffer, Ed.D. 412-429-2500, ext. 1101 gary.peiffer@carlynton.k12.pa.us http://www.carlynton.k12.pa.us

Chartiers Valley School District Brian White, Ed.D. 412-429-2201bwhite@cvsd.net http://www.cvsd.net

Clairton City School District Dr. Ginny Hunt 412-233-7090 ext. 2201 http://www.ccsdbears.org/Common/Email/Email.asp?DivisionID=17241&DepartmentID=19160&SubDepartmentID=0&StaffID=53912http://www.ccsdbears.org

Cornell School District Aaron Thomas 412-264-5010 Ext. 120 athomas@cornellsd.org http://www.cornell.k12.pa.us

Deer Lakes School District Dr. Janell Logue-Belden (724) 265-5300 ext. 1210 jloguebelden@dlsd.k12.pa.us http://www.deerlakes.net

Duquesne City School District Ms. Barbara McDonnell (Acting) 412 466 5300 Ext: 7023 email from school website http://www.dukecitysd.org

East Allegheny School District Mr. Donald L. Mac Fann 412-824-8012 x4158 dmacfann@eawildcats.net http://www.eawildcats.net

Elizabeth Forward School District Dr. Bart Rocco 412-896-2310 brocco@efsd.net http://www.efsd.net

Fox Chapel Area School District Gene Freeman, Ed.D. 412-967-2414 gene_freeman@fcasd.edu http://www.fcasd.edu

Gateway School District Dr, Nina Zetty412 373-5700 nzetty@gatewayk12.org http://www.gatewayk12.org

Hampton Township School District Dr. John Hoover, 412-492-6303 hoover@ht-sd.org http://www.ht-sd.org

Highlands School District Dr. Michael A. Bjalobok 724-226-2400, ext. 4513. mbjalobok@goldenrams.com http://www.goldenrams.com

Keystone Oaks School District William P. Stropkaj, Ed.D 412-571-6008 http://www.kosd.org

McKeesport Area School District Dr. Rula S. Skezas 412-664-3610 rskezas@mckasd.net http://www.mckasd.net

Montour School District Dr. Michael Ghilani 412-490-6500 ghilanim@montourschools.com http://www.montourschools.com

Moon Area School District Donna Milanovich, interim superintendent (412) 264-9440,ext 1106 dmilanovich@moonarea.net http://www.moonarea.net

Mt. Lebanon School District Timothy Steinhauer, Ed.D (412) 344-2077 tsteinhauer@mtlsd.net http://www.mtlsd.org

North Allegheny School District Robert J. Scherrer, Ed.d (412) 369-5896 scherrer@northallegheny.org http://www.northallegheny.org

North Hills School District Dr. Patrick J. Mannarino 412-318- 1004 mannarinop@nhsd.nethttp://www.nhsd.net

Northgate School District Carolyn Johns 412-732-3300 cjohns@northgate.k12.pa.us http://www.northgate.k12.pa.us

Penn Hills School District Dr. Nancy J. Hines (412) 793-7000, ext 1282 nhines@@phsd.k12.pa.us http://www.phsd.k12.pa.us

Pine-Richland School District Dr. Brian Miller (724) 625-7773 ext 6100 bmiller@pinerichland.org http://www.pinerichland.org

Plum Borough School District Dr. Timothy Glasspool (412) 795-0100 ext 6362 glasspoolt@pbsd.k12.pa.us http://www.pbsd.k12.pa.us

Quaker Valley School District Dr. Heidi Ondek 412-749-3600 ondekh@qvsd.org http://www.qvsd.org

Riverview School District Dr. Margaret DiNinno 412.828.1800 Opt 9, x 4080 mdininno@rsd.k12.pa.us http://www.rsd.k12.pa.us

Shaler Area School District Mr. Sean Aiken 412-492-1200opt 8 x 2801 aikens@sasd.k12.pa.us http://www.sasd.k12.pa.us

South Allegheny School District (412) 675-3070 Ext. 1101 http://www.southallegheny.org

South Fayette Township School District Dr. Billie Pearce Rondinelli 412-221-4542 ext 413 bprondinelli@southfayette.org http://www.southfayette.org

South Park School District Wayne Gdovic 412-655-3111 http://www.sparksd.org

Steel Valley School District Edward Wehrer 412-464-3600ext 1505 ewehrer@steelvalleysd.org http://steelvalleysd.org

Sto-Rox School District Mr. Terry DeCarbo 412-771-3213ext 5235 tdecarbo@srsd.k12.pa.us http://www.srsd.k12.pa.us

Upper St. Clair School District Dr. Patrick T. O’Toole 412.833.1600 x 2050 potoole@uscsd.k12.pa.us http://www.uscsd.k12.pa.us

West Allegheny School District Dr. Jerri Lynn Lippert 724.695.5211 jlippert@westasd.org http://www.westasd.org/

West Jefferson Hills School District Dr. Michael Panza mpanza@wjhsd.net http://www.wjhsd.net

West Mifflin Area School District Dr. Daniel Castagna (412) 466-9131ext. 3003 castagnad@wmasd.html http://www.wmasd.org

Wilkinsburg School District Joseph Petrella ,deputy superintendent 412-391-9667 wsdwebsite@gmail.competrellaj@wilkinsburgschools.org http://www.wilkinsburgschools.org/

Woodland Hills School District Alan N. Johnson 412 731-1300 ext 0183 johnal@whsd.net http://www.whsd.net

Register/Login to the NVIC Advocacy Portal at http://NVICAdvocacy.org If you have any questions, you can reach NVIC’s PA state director at PAdirector@NVICAdvocacy.org.

Please forward any legislative or county communications with you regarding your communication to PAdirector@NVICAdvocacy.org so we can track responses.

If you are wanting to share this on social media, please look for this alert posted on the National Vaccine Information Center Facebook page and share it.

Thank you!

Sincerely,

NVIC Advocacy Team National Vaccine Information Center http://NVIC.org and http://NVICAdvocacy.org https://nvicadvocacy.org/members/Members/ContactUs.aspx

The National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) works diligently to prepare and disseminate our legislative advocacy action alerts and supporting materials. We request that organizations and members of the public forward our alerts in their original form to assure consistent and accurate messaging and effective action. Please acknowledge NVIC as originators of this work when forwarding to members of the public and like-minded organizations. To receive alerts immediately, register at http://NVICAdvocacy.org, a website dedicated to this sole purpose and provided as a free public service by NVIC.

Comment on this article at Vaccine Impact.

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24250,"A Greenpeace report has found that several major sportswear brands—including Adidas, Nike, and Puma—contain polyfluorinated chemicals (PFCs), nonylphenol ethoxylates (NPEs), and phthalates. All of these chemicals are linked to major health issues. PFCs, which make items stain-proof, are linked to problems like low birth weight and prostate cancer; phthalates are linked to attention deficit disorder, asthma, breast cancer, obesity, and behavioral and neurodevelopmental issues; and NPEs degrade into hormone-disrupting chemicals. Experts advise that consumers avoid clothing that is crease-free, moth-repellant, stain-resistant, or fire-retardant, as these properties are typically achieved by using the above-mentioned toxic chemicals. In workout clothes, screen-printing and plastic prints are an indication of the presence of phthalates. Natural and organic fabrics like silk, cotton, and wool are the safest choice, as they are naturally antimicrobial and antibacterial and good at thermal regulation.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43849,"by Brian Thomas

Institute For Creation Research

Excerpts:

“The latest and most advanced robot hand was recently described in the journal Smart Materials and Structures by two Virginia Polytechnic researchers. Their invention was supposedly optimized ‘to achieve near-human appearance and performance,’ according to a description on Physorg.com. But how close was it really?”

“Their study quoted creation scientist and 19th-century anatomist Charles Bell, who wrote an entire book on the human hand and extolled its virtues. But while these authors honored ‘Nature,’ even capitalizing the word, as the creator of the hand, Bell rightly honored God as its Creator.”

Read the Full Article here: http://www.icr.org/article/6009/ [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47361,"Tropical Traditions Press Release

Tropical Traditions announced two new lines of artisan butters crafted from the milk of grass-fed pastured cows in their GrassfedTraditions line of products. Consumer demand and sales of butter are currently at an all-time high in the U.S. However, it is difficult to find butter made from the milk of pastured, grass-fed cows who do not live in confinement eating grains.

Allgau German Butter

For many generations the family farms in the Allgäu region of Southern Germany have fed their family cows only grass and grass hay. Using their local breed, the Allgäu brown cow, the herdsmen in the Allgäu mountain region safely guide the cows down from the mountains to spend the winters in their cozy barns, and are led back up to the Alps every spring.

The local Allgäu brown cow is specially suited for the high mountain altitudes of the Bavarian Alps, where they graze on lush green grass all summer long. The butter from this pristine region has more cream than most butters, and is famous throughout Europe.

Now from the family farms of Allgäu this handcrafted tradition is presented to you and your family. This pure German Butter is one of the creamiest butters you will ever taste!

100% grass and grass hay (winter) fed cows

RBST Free milk

Cows graze at a high elevation on small family Alpine farms

2 ingredients: cream and cultures

82% butter fat

Nordic Creamery Butter

Nordic Creamery is family owned and operated, making some of Wisconsin’s finest gourmet, artisan butter from the milk of cows on pasture.

Award-winning cheesemaker and buttermaker Al Bekkum and his family live on the Bekkum-Langaard Farmstead owned and operated by their family since immigration from Norway in 1917. The farm is located among other Norwegian settlers in Westby, Wisconsin within Vernon County’s lush, green hills and valleys known as the Coulee Region. This un-glaciated land is recognized for its fertile soil and exceptional grazing land, making their butter second to none. It is the same area where Grassfed Traditions secures its grass-fed beef, lamb, and pastured poultry.

The Bekkums don’t give their cows any hormones such as rBGH, and they don’t add artificial ingredients. Their cows are grass-fed in open pastures during the summer and fed a mostly grass hay diet during the winter as well. They don’t need to add chemicals to their butter; their secret ingredient is freshness!

We offer two varieties of butter from Nordic Creamery, both from the milk of pastured grass-fed cows. The summer butter is from the milk of cows in Wisconsin just after they come out to pasture after the winter months. The cultured butter is a European cultured style butter (also currently from summer milk from cows on pasture.)

The butter is rolled by hand into 3/4 lb. butter rolls.

These butters are shipped in coolers to all 50 states. More info.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23878,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News

The Pharmacy Times has reported that the FDA has approved a new influenza vaccine formulation for the 2015-2016 flu season:

Flubok is made using cultured insect cells and can be produced much more rapidly than traditional egg-based flu vaccines. It also contains 3 times more active ingredients than traditional flu vaccines, according to the manufacturer, Protein Sciences Corp. For the upcoming flu season, there were 2 strain changes.

The new flu vaccine made using cultured insect cells is expected to be available in retail pharmacies like Target by mid-August.

The Flu Vaccine is the Most Dangerous Vaccine in the World

Annual flu vaccines historically kill and injure more people than any other vaccine, with no close seconds. In fact, according to the U.S. Government Department of Justice reports on vaccine injuries and deaths submitted each quarter, more awards are issued as compensation for flu vaccine injuries and deaths than all the other vaccines on the market combined. You can view the latest report, from June 4, 2015, here at Health Impact News. Guillain-Barré Syndrome is the most common side effect of the flu vaccine.

Most of the public is unaware that one cannot sue manufacturers of vaccines. In 1986 Congress granted pharmaceutical companies legal protection from being sued for damages resulting in deaths or injuries due to vaccines. There is a special “Vaccine Court” set up by the federal government, funded by taxpayers, where vaccine injury cases are heard.

The Flu Vaccine is Not Effective

During last year’s flu season, the CDC admitted that the flu vaccine was not a good match for the influenza strains that were making people sick. People who had received the flu vaccine were still getting the flu. Some of them died, even though they had received the flu shot. Yet, the CDC and other medical authorities kept recommending people get the flu shot. Over 150 million doses of the flu shot are pre-made and then sold each year, so hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue would be lost if the government told people the flu shot was not effective, and that they should not bother getting it.

In addition to flu shots not always being effective due to not guessing the right strains of influenza when the flu shots are pre-made, several studies have come out in recent years suggesting that getting the flu shot every year can actually make the flu even worse. See:

Nevertheless, an ineffective flu vaccine that causes more death and injuries than any other vaccine will be recommended to ALL Americans, including the most susceptible members of our society, the very young (even while still in the womb as pregnant mothers will be encouraged to get the flu shot), and the very old, many of them in medical care facilities. Many people will be denied employment or lose their jobs for refusing the flu vaccine.

Flu Vaccine Scam: One Scientist Speaks Out

In the video above, Dr. Mark Geier explains the fraud behind the flu vaccine. Dr. Geier is NOT anti-vaccine. He is an M.D. and has a Ph.D. in genetics. He spent 10 years working at the National Institute of Health, and was a professor at Johns Hopkins University as a geneticist. He is also the author of over 150 peer-reviewed publications.

He worked on vaccine safety and efficacy for more than 30 years. He was one of four scientists who worked to replace the DTP vaccine, a vaccine that caused every child to become sick with a high fever at the time of vaccination, with the DTaP vaccine, which is an attenuated vaccine and causes illness due to fever in only 3% of those vaccinated.

In the video above, he explains that the flu shot causes Guillain-Barré Syndrome, and that the flu shot is not very effective in preventing the flu. He also explains that the CDC does not follow the law for vaccines in requiring long-term safety testing for the influenza vaccine like they do with other vaccines, as it is impossible to test a vaccine that changes every year. So the flu vaccine is basically an experimental vaccine that they want to give out to 300 million people every year. There are also no studies showing the safety of giving the flu vaccine to the same person every single year. However, Dr. Geier points out that the CDC is in the business of distributing flu vaccines, because they represent 300 million doses per year, whereas all the childhood vaccines together only number 20 million.

Dr. Geier goes on to explain that flu is “the wrong thing to vaccinate against” because you have to keep re-vaccinating against it every year, unlike childhood infectious diseases, such as smallpox, that are only vaccinated for once. Dr. Geier points out how ridiculous it is spend billions of dollars on a vaccine that might, at its best, save about 50 lives a year, when there are far more serious problems causing death that are more worthy of that kind of expenditure.

Be informed, don’t become a statistic of those damaged or killed by the flu vaccine! There are many other less dangerous ways to protect oneself from influenza.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com

Flu and Flu Vaccines:

What’s Coming Through That Needle – DVD

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22047,"By Alliance for Natural Health

The current dearth of treatment options for Ebola is not from a lack of options, but from a zealous protection of current medical monopolies together with an overabundance of red tape.

In a related article, we discussed government hostility to natural remedies that are both cheap, effective, and more readily available. In this article, we’ll look at the FDA roadblocks to more conventional treatments.

The FDA is paid by drug companies and is generally friendly to them. Even so, getting a new drug or device approved is a torturous and insanely expensive process. The minimum cost these days is several hundred million dollars spent over many years. The average cost is in the billions.

Technology like Nanobiosym’s “iPhone-sized device,” which can be used to detect Ebola and other diseases in less than an hour, is being delayed by needless FDA red tape. The Dallas hospital that treated three patients with Ebola had a similar device, one that could detect Ebola with high degree of confidence within a few minutes, but were prevented from using it because of FDA regulations.

The FDA’s intransigence is deterring other companies (especially smaller ones) from even trying to create new technology. The timeline to develop new drugs and medical devices has increased 70% in the past decade.

The Ebola outbreak, soon to be exacerbated in North America by cold weather and its conflation with flu symptoms, has been overwhelming hospitals’ ability to quarantine all suspected infections, and the situation will only intensify in the near future. Being able to actually use these new and promising Ebola treatments—which have already been shown to be safe after initial testing in real world conditions—instead of waiting endlessly for approval via the FDA’s outdated double-RCT model, is essential. Patients would then be followed closely to see how well the new products are working in the longer term.

The Life Extension Foundation has detailed the systemic problems of FDA’s approval process, which prevents patient access to other effective treatments for other serious illness as well.

Other promising tools for preventing the spread of Ebola include a robot that blasts ultraviolet light (25,000 times more powerful than sunlight) to kill the virus. The light touches and cleans all surfaces, including under the bed and between the folds of curtains, rendering rooms 99.9% sterile, versus 85% using conventional methods. The technology uses xenon light, which is more environmentally friendly, instead of bulbs with mercury, which are toxic. Investing in such machines is urgently needed, given the chronic problem hospitals have with infections: the CDC estimates that 1.7 million people contract hospital infections each year—and that’s not including any infections that might have hospitalized them in the first place!

It’s important to note that the FDA’s profoundly broken approval process does not even guarantee safe drugs. In 2008 alone, the government recorded 526,527 adverse events from FDA-approved drugs and “therapeutic biologics,” of which 275,421 “had serious outcomes.” For the sake of comparison, there were only 672 serious adverse events from nutritional supplements that year—even though supplements were taken by about 152 million Americans.

As broken as the FDA is at the moment, it is little different over at the National Institutes of Health, where most of the Ebola drug trials should be happening. NIH director Francis Collins cites budget cuts, but NIH funding for infectious diseases has in fact doubled since 2001, with little to show for it.

Be sure to read our other article on Ebola article, where we discuss groundbreaking natural treatments for the virus.

Read the full article here.

Global Censorship of Health Information

The Politics of Controlling Therapeutic Information to Protect State-Sponsored Drug Monopolies

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32952,"Spokane City Council aims to protect honeybees

by Mike Prager [1]

The Spokesman-Review [1]

Excerpts:

The same Spokane City Council that legalized the raising of small farm animals in March is now taking aim at protecting honeybees.

Council President Ben Stuckart has introduced an ordinance that would ban city purchase and use of a relatively new class of insecticides known as neonicotinoids. Research is showing that those chemicals, sold as a series of products, may be harmful to honeybees.

Stuckart said he wants the city to stop using the chemicals on its properties.

Read the Full Article Here [1].",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33206,"They kicked her out of the hospital and took her baby away from her over a month ago. She hasn't seen her since. They won't even tell her where her daughter is. Jamie Martin took her baby Hope to the hospital because she and the doctors were concerned about Hope not gaining weight, no matter what they tried. Instead of finding answers, she lost her baby and she is devastated. Now DHS of Oklahoma is trying to terminate Jamie's parental rights to her baby girl. ""I have done nothing wrong to my baby. She is my miracle child. I need my daughter back!"" Jamie Martin is the typical girl-next-door in America's heartland. She workes as a substitute teacher in her local elementary school. She volunteers and is on the board of a tornado disaster relief organization. Her 8 year old son was thrilled when he found out that he was going to be a big brother. Yet now Jamie has found herself in the middle of every parent's worst nightmare - her baby has been taken away from her.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24252,"by Dr. Mercola

When a new beverage comes out advertising “60% less sugar—drink it to believe it”—the challenge is on. Same taste; fewer calories to your waist? Sounds good, doesn’t it?

But before you throw that Pepsi Next into your grocery cart, Fooducate.comi suggests you complete the challenge by reading the ingredient label.

There you’ll find that, indeed, the sugar content has been reduced.

But it’s still the second ingredient after water—four teaspoons of it, in fact, in the form of high fructose corn syrup. The secret to keeping this beverage sweet-tasting, however, comes further on down, in the form of aspartame, acesulfame potassium, and sucralose.

So, really, all that’s changed with this new beverage is that 6 teaspoons of sugar have been substituted with three sweeteners that are even worse. Yes, although I strongly recommend avoiding all soda, you would be far better off with the strictly high fructose corn syrup sweetened version.

Artificial Sweeteners have No Place in a Healthful Diet…

Artificial sweeteners are frequently recommended as a practical way of replacing sugar found in the modern diet. But the research on nonnutritive sweeteners such as these three shows they’re far from healthful alternatives to sugar. (A recent article on HealthyFellow.com lists a few of them as a hand referenceii .First of all, contrary to popular belief, research has shown that artificial sweeteners can:

Stimulate your appetite

Increase carbohydrate cravings

Stimulate fat storage and weight gain. In fact, diet sodas, which are well-known sources of artificial sweeteners, may actually double your risk of obesity!

So much for being a dieter’s best friend… Furthermore, aspartame (rebranded AminoSweet two years ago)—best known under the names of Nutrasweet and Equal—is believed to be carcinogenic and accounts for more reports of adverse reactions than all other foods and food additives combined.

The artificial sweetener acesulfame potassium (Acesulfame-K) has been linked to kidney problems, and sucralose—best known as Splenda—has been found to wreak havoc with the healthful bacteria in your gut… All in all, I believe ALL artificial sweeteners are bad news for your health.

Why Aspartame is FAR Worse than Sugar

While many of the artificial sweeteners have reportedly similar side effects, aspartame accounts for over 75 percent of the adverse reactions to food additives reported to the FDA. Many of these reactions are very serious, including seizures and death. About 90 different adverse effects have been linked to aspartame, including:

Headaches/migraines Muscle spasms Tachycardia/heart palpitations Anxiety attacks Dizziness/vertigo Weight gain Insomnia Slurred speech Seizures Rashes Vision problems Loss of taste Nausea Irritability and depression Tinnitus and hearing loss Memory loss Numbness Fatigue Breathing difficulties Joint pain

Recent research also suggests diet sodas may increase stroke risk, and according to researchers and physicians studying the adverse effects of aspartame, the following chronic illnesses can be triggered or worsened by ingesting of aspartame:

Brain tumors Multiple sclerosis Epilepsy Chronic fatigue syndrome Parkinson’s disease Alzheimer’s disease Mental retardation Lymphoma Fibromyalgia Diabetes

Aspartame—”A Chemical Poison”?

The book “Prescription for Nutritional Healing” by James and Phyllis Balch lists aspartame under the category of “chemical poison.” While many still refuse to believe that toxic or otherwise health-harming ingredients would be allowed to be used in food manufacturing, the evidence against aspartame and other artificial sweeteners is, in my opinion, overwhelming…

Aspartame is made up of three chemicals:

Phenylalanine (50 percent)—Phenylalanine is an amino acid normally found in your brain. Persons with the genetic disorder phenylketonuria (PKU) cannot metabolize phenylalanine and must avoid it at all costs to prevent the accumulation of phenylalanine in their brain, which can be lethal. It has been shown that ingesting aspartame, especially along with carbohydrates, can lead to excess levels of phenylalanine in the brain even in persons who do not have PKU. Excessive levels of phenylalanine in your brain can decrease your serotonin levels, which in turn can provoke emotional disorders such as depression. Aspartic acid (40 percent)—According to the work of Dr. Russell L. Blaylock, a professor of neurosurgery at the Medical University of Mississippi, there are about 500 scientific references showing that excess free excitatory amino acids such as aspartic acid and glutamic acid (about 99 percent of monosodium glutamate (MSG) is glutamic acid) in our food supply are causing serious chronic neurological disorders and a myriad of other acute symptoms.

Aspartate and glutamate act as neurotransmitters in your brain by facilitating the transmission of information from neuron to neuron. Excess aspartate or glutamate in your brain can kill off neurons by allowing the influx of too much calcium into your cells. This influx triggers excessive amounts of free radicals, which kill the cells. The neural cell damage that can be caused by excessive aspartate and glutamate is why they are referred to as “excitotoxins.” They literally “excite” or stimulate your neural cells to death. It is important not to confuse this with the amino acid glutamic acid, which is a normal part of foods and an important nutrient.

Methanol (10 percent)—Methanol, also known as wood alcohol, is a deadly poison. It is gradually released in your small intestine once the methyl group of aspartame encounters the digestive enzyme chymotrypsin. Inside your body, methanol breaks down into formic acid and formaldehyde, the latter of which is another lethal neurotoxin and a known carcinogen, which passes freely through your blood brain barrier to cause brain damage.

According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), methanol is considered “a cumulative poison due to the low rate of excretion once it is absorbed. In the body, methanol is oxidized to formaldehyde and formic acid; both of these metabolites are toxic.” The EPA recommends limiting consumption of methanol to 7.8 mg/day. A one-liter (approx. 1 quart) aspartame-sweetened beverage contains about 56 mg of methanol. Heavy users of aspartame-containing products can consume as much as 250 mg of methanol daily, or 32 times the EPA limit. Signs and symptoms of methanol poisoning include:

Headaches Tinnitus Dizziness / vertigo Nausea Gastrointestinal disturbances Weakness Chills Memory lapses Numbness Behavioral disturbances Neuritis Vision problems: misty/blurry vision, contraction of visual field Retinal damage Blindness Shooting pain in extremities (arms and legs)

Do Your Own Research, and Know what Side Effects to Look for…

Those who defend aspartame argue that phenylalanine and aspartic acid are a harmless and natural part of your diet. Indeed, both of these amino acids can be found in most of the protein foods you eat. However, phenylalanine and aspartic acid can only be considered natural and harmless when they are consumed in combination with other amino acids in the correct ratios—NOT when consumed as isolated amino acids… When they’re consumed as free amino acids not part of food, they enter your central nervous system in abnormally high concentrations that can cause your neurons to fire excessively, and potentially lead to cell death as explained above.

Unfortunately, adverse effects are severely under-reported, which makes it far more difficult to get dangerous ingredients like aspartame off the market. When it comes to side effects from drugs and vaccines, a mere 1 to 4 percent of all adverse events are ever reported, which leads me to believe that adverse reactions from other FDA-regulated products, such as aspartame, is likely even lower…

It’s important to realize that in order to truly alert the FDA to a problem with a product they’ve approved, they must be notified by as many people who experience a problem as possible. I strongly recommend learning everything you can about the potential side effects of artificial sweeteners and keep a watchful eye out for adverse signs and symptoms (if you consume them). And if you experience side effects from aspartame or any other artificial sweetener, report it to the FDA.

The FDA Consumer Complaint Coordinator page lists the phone number for each state where you can report adverse reactions to any FDA-regulated product.

The following video will familiarize you with some of the side-effects you could encounter if you consume products containing this artificial sweetener. For more in-depth information about the chemical makeup of aspartame and its adverse health effects, please see this previous special report on aspartame. I also highly recommend Cori Brackett’s documentary film Sweet Misery.

How Sucralose Can Decimate Your Health

Sucralose (Splenda) is associated with many of the same adverse effects as aspartame, including:

Respiratory difficulties Migraines/headaches Seizures Gastrointestinal problems Heart palpitations Weight gain

This site also contains a long list of personal testimonials from readers who have suffered side effects from Splenda. In fact, we have more people on our site that have reported adverse reactions to Splenda than were formally studied in the research submitted for FDA approval! Additionally, and most notably, research published in the Journal of Toxicology and Environmental Health in 2008iii found that Splenda:

reduces the amount of good bacteria in your intestines by 50 percent

increases the pH level in your intestines

affects a glycoprotein in your body that can have crucial health effects, particularly if you’re on certain medications as it can cause the rejection of drugs such as chemotherapy, AIDS treatments, and treatments for heart conditions

is absorbed by fat (contrary to previous claims)

It’s really a toss-up as to which artificial sweetener might be better or worse than the other, but the fact that sucralose can destroy up to HALF of your beneficial gut flora is truly alarming, as these bacteria are a vital part of your immune system and help support your general health—both physical and mental. Many people are already deficient in healthy bacteria due to excessive consumption of highly processed foods (which is why a high quality probiotic is one of the few supplements I recommend for nearly everyone), so just imagine the overall harm that can be inflicted by consuming an artificial sweetener that decimates your gut flora at such a high rate!

Are Your Health Problems Related to Artificial Sweeteners?

Many people belatedly realize they’ve been suffering reactions to one artificial sweetener or another. If you suspect an artificial sweetener might be to blame for a symptom you’re having, a good way to help you weed out the culprit is to do an elimination challenge. It’s easy to do, but you must read the ingredient labels for everything you put in your mouth to make sure you’re avoiding ALL artificial sweeteners.

To determine if you’re having a reaction to artificial sweeteners, take the following steps:

Eliminate all artificial sweeteners from your diet for two weeks.

artificial sweeteners from your diet for two weeks. After two weeks of being artificial sweetener-free, reintroduce your artificial sweetener of choice in a significant quantity (about three servings daily). Avoid other artificial sweeteners during this period.

Do this for one to three days and notice how you feel, especially as compared to when you were consuming no artificial sweeteners.

If you don’t notice a difference in how you feel after re-introducing your primary artificial sweetener for a few days, it’s a safe bet you’re able to tolerate it acutely, meaning your body doesn’t have an immediate, adverse response. However, this doesn’t mean your health won’t be damaged in the long run.

If you’ve been consuming more than one type of artificial sweetener, you can repeat steps 2 through 4 with the next one on your list.

Let me make it abundantly clear that even though you may not show immediate signs of any noticeable reaction after consuming artificial sweeteners, please don’t make the mistake of telling yourself “they must be OK for me”. I strongly urge you to avoid them at all costs. They are toxic to all humans and will not help you in any way shape or form.

References:

Read the Full Article Here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/04/23/aspartame-in-less-sugar-sodas.aspx

",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17358,"By Dr. Mercola

One in four Americans aged 45 and over take cholesterol-lowering statin drugs, despite the fact that the risks are very high, and “high” cholesterol is not always the enemy it’s made out to be.

Statin drugs are effective in that they do lower cholesterol, but falling cholesterol levels do not necessarily equate with good health. Conventional medicine has been telling us that heart disease is due to elevated cholesterol levels and recommends lowering cholesterol levels as much as possible.

So it may come as a shock to learn that having too little cholesterol is actually a verifiable risk to your health.

Meanwhile, total cholesterol will tell you virtually nothing about your disease risk, unless it’s exceptionally elevated (above 330 or so, which would be suggestive of familial hypercholesterolemia, and is, in my view, about the only time a cholesterol-lowering drug would be appropriate).

Cholesterol plays a critical role in your health, including within your cell membranes. Cholesterol is one of the molecules that allows for cellular interactions to take place. For example, cholesterol is the precursor to bile acids, so without sufficient amounts of cholesterol, your digestive system can be adversely affected.

It also plays an essential role in your brain, which contains about 25 percent of the cholesterol in your body. It is critical for synapse formation, i.e. the connections between your neurons, which allow you to think, learn new things, and form memories…

So the notion of using statin drugs as the go-to “preventive medicine” for heart health is not only misguided, it’s dangerous – especially amidst mounting research showing these drugs may actually make your heart health worse.

Statins Inhibit the Synthesis of Vitamin K2

A new finding was published in March 2015, and it is not yet widely known. However, if you’re taking a statin drug, or know someone who is, this information is incredibly important to your health.

Research published in Expert Review of Clinical Pharmacology revealed that, in contrast to the current belief that cholesterol reduction with statins decreases atherosclerosis, the drugs may instead actually stimulate atherosclerosis and heart failure.1

There were several physiological mechanisms discussed in the study that show how statin drugs may make your heart health worse; one being that they inhibit the synthesis of vitamin K2. Vitamin K2 protects your arteries from calcification. Without it, plaque levels worsen.

Vitamin K2’s biological role is to help move calcium into the proper areas in your body, such as your bones and teeth. It also plays a role in removingcalcium from areas where it shouldn’t be, such as in your arteries and soft tissues.

According to a 2009 Dutch study, vitamin K2 is associated with reduced vascular calcification even at small dietary intakes.2 Statin drugs inhibit the function of vitamin K2 in your body, which means taking them may put you at risk of vitamin K2 deficiency, a condition known to contribute to a number of chronic diseases, including:

Osteoporosis Heart disease Heart attack and stroke Inappropriate calcification, from heel spurs to kidney stones Brain disease Cancer

Three More Ways Statin Drugs May Interfere with Your Heart Health

The Expert Review of Clinical Pharmacology study also highlighted several other mechanisms by which “statins may be causative in coronary artery calcification and can function as mitochondrial toxins that impair muscle function in the heart and blood vessels.”3 Among them:4

Mitochondrial damage : Statins are toxic to the energy centers of your cells, called mitochondria. They impair heart muscle mitochondria function, disrupt ATP production (adenosine triphosphate, the energy molecules of your body), and alter intracellular signaling proteins.

: Statins are toxic to the energy centers of your cells, called mitochondria. They impair heart muscle mitochondria function, disrupt ATP production (adenosine triphosphate, the energy molecules of your body), and alter intracellular signaling proteins.

Interfere with coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) : Statins deplete your body of CoQ10, which accounts for many of their devastating results. Although it was proposed to add a black box warning to statins stating this, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) decided against it in 2014.

: Statins deplete your body of CoQ10, which accounts for many of their devastating results. Although it was proposed to add a black box warning to statins stating this, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) decided against it in 2014.

Interfere with selenium-containing proteins: Selenoproteins, such as glutathione peroxidase, are crucial for preventing oxidative damage in your muscle tissue. As reported by Wellness Resources:5

“Blocking the selenoprotein enzyme glutathione peroxidase is akin to pouring gasoline on the fire of inflammation and free radicals, which damages muscle tissue. In fact, the scientists described this blocking of the selenoproteins reminiscent of selenium deficiency induced heart failure, known as Keshan’s disease first identified in the 1930s.”

Considering the significant risks, the authors concluded:6

“…the epidemic of heart failure and atherosclerosis that plagues the modern world may paradoxically be aggravated by the pervasive use of statin drugs. We propose that current statin treatment guidelines be critically reevaluated.”

Did You Know Statins May Increase Your Risk of Diabetes?

Statins have also been shown to increase your risk of diabetes via a number of different mechanisms. The most important one is that they increase insulin resistance, which can be extremely harmful to your health.

Increased insulin resistance contributes to chronic inflammation in your body, and inflammation is the hallmark of most diseases, including heart disease, which, ironically, is the primary reason for taking a cholesterol-reducing drug in the first place.

It can also promote belly fat, high blood pressure, heart attacks, chronic fatigue,thyroid disruption, and diseases like Parkinson’s, Alzheimer’s, and cancer. Secondly, statins increase your diabetes risk by raising your blood sugar.

When you eat a meal that contains starches and sugar, some of the excess sugar goes to your liver, which then stores it away as cholesterol and triglycerides. Statins work by preventing your liver from making cholesterol. As a result, your liver returns the sugar to your bloodstream, which raises your blood sugar levels.

These drugs also rob your body of certain valuable nutrients, which can also impact your blood sugar levels. Two nutrients in particular, vitamin D and CoQ10, are both needed to maintain ideal blood glucose levels.

Just how strong is the connection between statins and diabetes? A 2011 meta-analysis confirmed that the higher the dosage of statin drugs being taken, the greater the diabetes risk. The “number needed to harm” for intensive-dose statin therapy was 498 for new-onset diabetes — that’s the number of people who need to take the drug in order for one person to develop diabetes.7

In even simpler terms, one out of every 498 people who are on a high-dose statin regimen will develop diabetes. The following scientific reviews also reached the conclusion that statin use is associated with increased incidence of new-onset diabetes:

A 2010 meta-analysis of 13 statin trials, consisting of 91,140 participants, found that statin therapy was associated with a 9 percent increased risk for incident diabetes. 8 Here, the number needed to harm was 255 over four years, meaning for every 255 people on the drug, one developed diabetes as a result of the drug in that period of time.

Here, the number needed to harm was 255 over four years, meaning for every 255 people on the drug, one developed diabetes as a result of the drug in that period of time. In a 2009 study, statin use was associated with a rise of fasting plasma glucose in patients with and without diabetes, independently of other factors such as age and use of aspirin, β-blockers, or angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors.9

The study included data from more than 345,400 patients over a period of two years. On average, statins increased fasting plasma glucose in non-diabetic statin users by 7 mg/dL, and in diabetics, statins increased glucose levels by 39 mg/dL.

If You Have Insulin Resistance, Be Very Careful with Statin Drugs

In my opinion, virtually everyone needs to be very cautious in regard to taking statin drugs. However, if you have insulin resistance (have high blood pressure, high cholesterol, high blood pressure, or are overweight) then you need to be especially careful. You see, statin’s interference with vitamin K2 in your body could be incredibly damaging, since vitamin K2 is important for enhancing insulin sensitivity.

Vitamin K can help to regulate your glucose metabolism by converting to a substance called carboxylated osteocalcin in your body, which affects insulin sensitivity.One study found that vitamin K2 supplementation increased insulin sensitivity in healthy young men, and the effect seemed to be related to increased carboxylated osteocalcin levels, rather than to another factor, such as modulation of inflammation. According to the study in Diabetes Care:10

“Although our study could not provide the underlying mechanism, we speculate that [carboxylated osteocalcin] or vitamin K could modulate adipokines or inflammatory pathways other than the IL-6 pathways. Alternatively, [carboxylated osteocalcin] can directly regulate glucose disposal at skeletal muscle or adipose tissues.”

Past research has also shown that vitamin K slowed the development of insulin resistance in elderly men,11 adding to the growing evidence that vitamin K has a potentially beneficial role in insulin metabolism. The fact that statins interfere with your body’s synthesis of this vitamin is likely one reason why they, in turn, may increase your diabetes risk. Insulin resistance is not only a precursor to type 2 diabetes but is also a risk factor in many other chronic diseases.

As an aside, diabetes is just one potential statin drug side effect, and side effects are more common than the media and medical conferences report. A separate report published in the Expert Review of Clinical Pharmacology concluded that statin advocates used a statistical tool called relative risk reduction (RRR) to amplify statins’ trivial beneficial effects.12

The directors of clinical trials, according to the report, have also succeeded in minimizing the significance of numerous adverse effects of statin treatment. The modest benefits of the drugs do not even come close to outweighing the risks, which included increased rates of:

Cancer

Cataracts

Diabetes

Cognitive impairment

Musculoskeletal disorders

Vitamin K2 and CoQ10 Are Essential Supplements if You Take Statin Drugs

If you decide to take a statin, a vitamin K2 supplement is highly recommended. MK-7 is the form you’ll want to look for in supplements; it’s extracted from the Japanese fermented soy product called natto. Professor Cees Vermeer, one of the world’s top vitamin K2 researchers, recommends between 45 mcg and 185 mcg daily for adults. You must use caution on the higher doses if you take anticoagulants, but if you are generally healthy and not on these types of medications, I suggest 150 mcg daily.

You’ll also need to make sure you take CoQ10 or Ubiquinol (the reduced form) with it.Most are not told they need to take coenzyme Q10 to buffer against some of the most devastating side effects of statin drugs. As previously explained by Dr. Stephen Sinatra, a board-certified cardiologist, statins block not just cholesterol production pathways, but several other biochemical pathways as well, including CoQ10 and squalene—the latter of which Dr. Sinatra believes is essential in preventing breast cancer.

Squalene reduction caused by the statin can also raise your risk of immune system dysfunction. The depletion of CoQ10 caused by the drug is why statins can increase your risk of acute heart failure as well. So if you’re taking a statin drug, you MUST take Coenzyme Q10 as a supplement. You cannot get enough of it through your diet.

Dr. Sinatra recommends taking at least 100 milligrams (mg), but preferably 200 mg of high-quality CoQ10 or Ubiquinol daily. One study in the European Journal of Pharmacology showed that ubiquinol effectively rescued cells from the damage caused by the statin drug simvastatin, thereby protecting muscle cells from myopathies.13

Another study evaluated the benefits of CoQ10 and selenium supplementation for patients with statin-associated myopathy.14Compared to those given a placebo, the treatment group experienced significantly less pain, decreased muscle weakness and cramps, and less fatigue.

Check These Ratios to See if You’re at Risk of Heart Disease

There’s a very good chance you may not need a statin drug at all. If you’ve been told you need to take a statin, please read these 7 factors to consider if you’re told your cholesterol is too high. And rather than relying on total cholesterol as your guide, two ratios that are far better indicators of heart disease risk are:

Your HDL/total cholesterol ratio : HDL percentage is a very potent heart disease risk factor. Just divide your HDL level by your total cholesterol. This percentage should ideally be above 24 percent. Below 10 percent, it’s a significant indicator of risk for heart disease

: HDL percentage is a very potent heart disease risk factor. Just divide your HDL level by your total cholesterol. This percentage should ideally be above 24 percent. Below 10 percent, it’s a significant indicator of risk for heart disease Your triglyceride/HDL ratios: This ratio should ideally be below 2

Additional risk factors for heart disease include:

Your fasting insulin level : Any meal or snack high in carbohydrates like fructose and refined grains generates a rapid rise in blood glucose and then insulin to compensate for the rise in blood sugar. The insulin released from eating too many carbs promotes fat and makes it more difficult for your body to shed excess weight, and excess fat, particularly around your belly, is one of the major contributors to heart disease

: Any meal or snack high in carbohydrates like fructose and refined grains generates a rapid rise in blood glucose and then insulin to compensate for the rise in blood sugar. The insulin released from eating too many carbs promotes fat and makes it more difficult for your body to shed excess weight, and excess fat, particularly around your belly, is one of the major contributors to heart disease Your fasting blood sugar level : Studies have shown that people with a fasting blood sugar level of 100-125 mg/dl had a nearly 300 percent increase higher risk of having coronary heart disease than people with a level below 79 mg/dl

: Studies have shown that people with a fasting blood sugar level of 100-125 mg/dl had a nearly 300 percent increase higher risk of having coronary heart disease than people with a level below 79 mg/dl Your iron level: Iron can be a very potent oxidative stress. If you have excess iron levels, you can damage your blood vessels and increase your risk of heart disease. Ideally, you should monitor your ferritin levels and make sure they are not much above 80 ng/ml. The simplest way to lower them, if they are elevated, is to donate your blood. If that is not possible, you can have a therapeutic phlebotomy and that will effectively eliminate the excess iron from your body

Read the full article here.



Sources and References",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33194,"by David Rostollan [1]

(NaturalNews) Chocolate. It’s bad for us, right? Not even close. The list of cardiovascular benefits from cocoa consumption is extensive and well-documented in the medical literature. In addition to this, a recent 2011 study in theJournal of Agricultural and Food Chemistryhas shed new light on a mechanism that helps to explain some of chocolate’s heart-healthy effects [1]. Before we look at this new research, however, let’s review some of chocolate’s wide-ranging benefits, as shown in the published literature. The scientific basis for healthy chocolate consumption is more plentiful than most people realize.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.naturalnews.com/031788_chocolate_heart_health.html [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47137,"by Katie

WellnessMama.com

I really enjoy giving homemade, natural gifts, and coconut oil is a wonderful ingredient in most homemade creations. Homemade Lotion Bars are a favorite gift idea because they are so versatile and can be made to suit any skin type or need.

My most recent creation is another gift favorite: Peppermint Whipped Body Butter!

It has many of the same ingredients as many homemade lotions and lotion bars, but doesn’t need beeswax or water/liquids, so it is shelf stable indefinitely. The mixture is whipped as it cools, creating a cloud-like body butter that feels like velvet on the skin! Whipped Body Butter is made with all natural ingredients, and the combination of oils and butters absorbs in to skin quickly without leaving an oily film.

If you haven’t made your own beauty products before, I’d encourage you to start with an easy recipe like this.

Peppermint Whipped Body Butter with Coconut Oil Recipe

Ingredients:

½ cup Shea Butter

½ cup Cocoa Butter or Mango Butter

½ cup Coconut Oil

½ cup light oil like almond, olive or jajoba

10-30 drops of Peppermint (or other) essential oil for scent

What to do:

In a double boiler or glass bowl, combine all ingredients except essential oils. Bring to medium heat and stir constantly until all ingredients are melted. Remove from heat and let cool slightly. Move to fridge and let cool another 1 hour or until starting to harden but still somewhat soft. (this may take more or less time depending on the container it is in) Add the essential oil(s) of your choice and use a hand mixer to whip for 10 minutes until fluffy. Return to fridge for 10-15 minutes to set. Store in a glass jar with a lid and use as you would regular lotion or body butter. If your home stays above 75 degrees, it may soften and need to be kept at the fridge, but it will stay whipped at a temperature lower than that. Enjoy!

For more natural skin care recipes, check out my archive of natural living recipes.

Bio:

Katie is a happy housewife and work at home mom of four. She’s a real food crusader dedicated to cooking healthy, whole-food recipes for her family and helping other families do the same. A lover of books, kettlebell junkie, scuba diver, and coffee addict who can finally do a pull up. Stop by and say hi at her blog: WellnessMama.com.

Read the full article here: http://network.sophiamedia.com/coconutoil/peppermint-whipped-body-butter-with-coconut-oil-recipe/

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32630,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

You may be familiar with the phrase “as California goes, so goes the nation.” California’s legislative innovations are increasingly becoming harbingers of medical tyranny over children and their families.

California Senator Dr. Richard Pan pushed through the mandatory vaccine law SB 277 last year with financial backing from vaccine manufacturers to ban children from public and private schools unless most of the CDC vaccine schedule was completed. Previous allowable vaccination exemptions are no longer allowed, except for medical exemptions.

However, one prestigious California pediatrician is being threatened with losing his license to practice for issuing a medical exemption to vaccines to one of his patients. (Source) Could this be the State’s method of shutting down doctors who dare to write vaccine exemptions, so that soon not even medical exemptions will be readily available to those who need them?

Other such state bills mandating vaccines and removing exemptions were easily defeated across the U.S. in 2015, due to public outcry. Yet even though the public outcry was probably the loudest in California in opposition to SB 277, it somehow still passed. California became the first state to remove religious and philosophical exemptions to vaccines. Two other states, Mississippi and West Virginia, have never had such exemptions, and their yearly health statistics on children are consistently among the worst in the United States. Will the health of California’s children now decline due to mandated increases in vaccination rates?

(See: Study: Unvaccinated Children Healthier Than Vaccinated Kids – Doctors Agree)

Now that same state senator, Dr. Pan, is introducing new legislation, SB 18, that allows the state to assume total ownership of a child’s well being, as defined by state and medical bureaucratic “experts.”

SB 18: Bill of Rights for Children and Youth in California

This new bill references a 2009 Assembly Concurrent Resolution (ACR) 80. An ACR is a resolution created by members of the California Assembly, which is actually their state house of representatives. It was originally intended as a bill of rights for foster children.

SB 18 is a very loosely worded open ended draft introduced in the state senate, which permits future additional rules and regulations that are meant to “organize” and “codify” (create more laws) ACR 80 according to “experts” observations and evaluations. (Source)

And who would be the “experts” mentioned in SB 18? They would be mainstream medical professionals who consider the only treatments for cancer are surgery, radiation therapy, and chemotherapy.

They would be the CDC and other pro-vaccine medical doctors who consider multiple heavy vaccinations as necessary for good health. These are activities that so far most adults can pass on for safer and more effective alternative means. But the government does not want you to have those choices for your own kids.

“Medical Child Abuse” – The New Diagnosis Used for Medical Tyranny and State-sponsored Child Kidnapping

The common claim of “medical child abuse” is used for not acquiescing to medical procedures, some experimental, that most knowledgeable adults shun. Parents and children in some cases have had to go on the lam as fugitives from the law when they decided to discontinue medical practices that were harming their children. (Source)

A whole new pediatric sub-specialty was created in recent years with the advent of the “Child Abuse Specialist.” This is a pediatrician that acts more like a law enforcement officer by looking at x-rays and medical records to determine if a child has been abused by their parents or caregivers. They seldom interview the parents or children, or even the family pediatrician who knows the family. Finding abuse is necessary to justify their profession, and courts are increasingly finding that many innocent people have been wrongly convicted. (See: Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts Opens the Legal Door to Retry All Shaken Baby Syndrome Convictions)

The DEA’s “war on drugs” is also used to remove children from homes where parents used marijuana for medical reasons in many states where it is legal.

Experts can also be public education bureaucrats who look down on homeschooling as depriving a child’s optimal education, even though public schools turn out semi-literate kids who are incapable of critical thinking. They will also support efforts to diagnose children with ADHD and drug them with psychotropics.

Increased Role for CPS?

Removing children from existing parents to enforce state bureaucratic perspectives of what’s good for children, according to experts, is left to the Child Protective Services (CPS), which does so by removing children from their families and placing them into private and/or institutional foster homes.

CPS depends on federal funding for each child they remove from a home and place into foster care. So many CPS officials are motivated to lie, distort, and falsify documents to achieve their successes of removing children from parents.

California’s CPS system (Department of Children and Family Services – DCFS) is among the most corrupt and dangerous in the nation. See:

It’s estimated only around five percent of children taken are from actual cases of parental abuse. Often poverty is considered neglect, while false abuse reports are considered valid even while based on hearsay or speculation without proof. See:

This agency is often favorably collaborated by the local judicial system and its judges, who often are just as corrupt as CPS itself.

Actual biological parents often don’t get their kids back. If they do, it’s usually after major damage is done to the family. The kids are emotionally and mentally damaged from what happened to them as wards of the state, while the parents are emotionally and financially stressed from failed efforts at getting CPS and its family court allies to return their children.

Foster parents get paid by the government along with CPS. States get paid by the federal government for every child they place into the foster care system of their states. This investigative report done several years ago in Kentucky reveals just how this corrupt system works:

Trafficking Foster Children for Sexual Abuse to People in Power

More often than is publicized, CPS actions force children into foster homes where they somehow get lost or disappear. Foster homes and institutions often do not report missing children. And what happens to children missing from CPS placed foster homes or institutions?

Some are prescribed psychotropics if they have behavioral issues or forced into drug trials against their will. Some die as a result.

Some of those children who were initially kidnapped by CPS social workers wind up in the ever increasingly reported child trafficking for sex trades. It has been reported that the illegal money earned from sexual trafficking exceeds the money earned from the flow of illegal drugs. See:

Ironically, it appears there’s much more public denial regarding enforced pedophilia among kidnapped children from political figures and government officials than there has been with Catholic priests picking on available parish kids.

The general public disbelief and denial for high ranking government officials’ and high rollers’ pedophilia has been their shield for a few decades.

Former and current victims are often not believed. Perpetrators are protected. The higher their status or position the more they are protected. Pedophile activities among the governing elites are ruthlessly covered up.

There are too many who may be inclined to blow the whistle on high level offenders but dare not because their lively-hoods are affected by these sexual predators, and in some cases it’s not just their lively-hoods that are threatened, but their lives.

Oppose SB 18!

SB 18 and overzealous attempts of state authority to prevail over the fate of all children, using Child Protective Services or family court systems is a potential threat to all families regardless of their innocence. It’s yet another attempt at allowing the state to be in charge of children against their will without parental consent.

Sources:

http://bolenreport.com/california-state-senator-richard-state-owns-child-pan/

http://bolenreport.com/just-who-is-sponsoring-senator-richard-pans-destruction-of-parental-rights-with-california-senate-bill-18/

https://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/2016/12/15/bombshell-sacrificing-children-to-the-state-of-california-sb18/

http://digitalcommons.law.ggu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1173&context=caldocs_assembly

http://medicalkidnap.com/2016/04/15/the-u-s-foster-care-system-modern-day-slavery-and-child-trafficking/

http://medicalkidnap.com/2015/07/21/child-sex-trafficking-through-child-protection-services-exposed-kidnapping-children-for-sex/

https://healthimpactnews.com/2016/medical-kidnapping-a-threat-to-every-child-in-america-today/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1706,"by Christina England

Health Impact News

Dr. Ngare Confirms That a Second Vaccine Has Been Contaminated With Hormones Known to Cause Infertility

According to recent news reports, the Kenyan Conference of Catholic Bishops (KCCB) has decided to boycott the current polio vaccine program because they believe that the vaccine manufactured by the Sum Institute of India may contain estradiol, a derivative of the estrogen hormone, which is believed to cause infertility.

NPR news [2] stated that:

“In Kenya, vaccine suspicion has taken its own local strain, aimed less at vaccines themselves than at the international bodies, like the U.N. and WHO, that distribute them. The distrust has been fuelled by WHO’s decision to blanket Kenya with polio vaccines, well over and above routine injections, in an effort to boost population immunity. The idea is that some of the people reached by the campaign will have already been vaccinated, but some will not. The WHO says there’s no harm in giving extra vaccines to children who are already vaccinated.”

One of the professionals raising concerns about the vaccine is obstetrician, gynecologist and member of the Kenyan Catholic Doctors Association, Dr. Wahome Ngare, who says that he believes that the polio vaccine should be tested thoroughly before administration.

Dr. Ngare’s concerns may be justified because last year he and his team discovered that the tetanus vaccines, also introduced by WHO, were laced with the sterilizing hormone HcG [3].

Health Impact News Investigates

To discover why these concerns have arisen, we contacted Dr. Ngare to ask him more about his fears and the concerns of the KCCB.

Dr. Ngare told Health Impact News that the KCCB first became concerned about the current polio vaccination program after the tetanus vaccinations were found to be contaminated last year. He explained that the KCCB had informed the government on releasing the final tetanus vaccine report in February 2015, that their support for any future vaccination campaigns would be on the condition that joint government/KCCB testing took place before, during and post vaccination.

As they were in the process of negotiating joint testing, they took the liberty of collecting samples from the field from the new shipment brought in for a vaccination campaign planned for April, before any immunization took place. Dr. Ngare explained that when the KCCB tested a selection of polio vaccines from the field, they discovered that two of the six vaccines tested contained estradiol.

He explained that while there have been no human studies to determine the effect that this could have on humans, in animal studies estradiol, when exposed to males, has been shown to damage the sperm-forming mechanism in the testes.

He said:

“There are also studies of estradiol’s effect on males whose mothers were taking it in pills or otherwise during breastfeeding. It is also known to be carcinogenic (causes cancer).”

This is obviously extremely worrying as these vaccines were going to be offered to the under-fives.

Dr. Ngare continued by stating that:

“Obviously, nobody knows what would happen if it is given to human children below the age of 5 years This is because until now, nobody has been crazy enough to experiment on humans!!!! Suffice it to say that Estradiol should not be in a vaccine unless the manufacture can explain its presence and this we have not been able to establish.”

According to reports provided, the samples used for testing were manufactured by the Serum Institute of India and collected in closed vials from the field. All of the samples were then tested for the following:

Human Chorionic Gonadotropin Hormone (β hCG) by Anion-Exchange chromatography

Estrogen and its compounds – estrone, estradiol, estriol and ethynylestradio

Follicle stimulating hormone (FSH)

Luteinizing hormone (LH)

The tests revealed that estradiol was present in two out of the six samples tested.

Due to their findings, the KCCB recommended that further testing should be carried out before further vaccination took place and Dr. Ngare concluded:

“Estradiol should not be in a vaccine unless the manufacturer can explain its presence and this we have not been able to establish.”

Their results are indeed worrying as there is no guarantee that this ingredient has not been used in other polio vaccinations being used around the world.

Hormone Expert Explains the Facts

In a bid to understand more about estradiol and its dangers Health Impact News contacted internationally recognized expert on women’s hormones and behaviors Ms. Leslie Carol Botha [5]. When asked if she believed estradiol is safe to use as an ingredient in vaccinations, Botha said “absolutely not” and confirmed that estradiol was indeed linked to male infertility.

Botha told us that:

“Although it’s been known for many years that the testes of men make small amounts of estrogen, its physiological role was unknown until landmark research was published in December 1993 in the “Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.” The study found that male animals that were genetically altered and unresponsive to estrogen were anatomically normal but had low sperm counts and were mostly infertile.”

See: The Effects of Estrogen on Male Fertility [7]

She said:

“Symptoms of excess estrogen in aging men include the development of breasts, having too much abdominal weight, feeling tired, suffering loss of muscle mass, and having emotional disturbances.”

See: Dangers of Excess Estrogen In the Aging Male [8]

Concerned by what she had revealed, we asked the following question:

If estradiol was added to childhood vaccinations do you believe that this could cause recipients to become infertile?

Her answer was both honest and shocking:

Not only do I believe the estradiol will render some of these children infertile, it will also cause a myriad of other endocrine–related disorders that will affect a child’s growth and maturation and other neurological and pathological disorders. Synthetic hormones have been found in a recent study to actually alter (shrink) the structure of the brain. Since the brain does not stop developing until approximately age 25, this could become a major cause for concern. There are three dominant systems in the body. The neuro-endocrine-immune system and when one of these becomes injured – it sets off a cascading effect in not only the other two systems but in every cell in the body. What is of major concern are the amount of estradiol and other synthetic hormones in our environment. There have been numerous studies – some dating back to the 1930s on the impact of “gender-bending” chemicals on sexual development. Adding estradiol to vaccines is another medical experiment on innocent children and their parents… without informed consent. If we have learned anything for the environmentally-induced health crisis we are in… is that ‘informed consent’ does not exist. We need to realize that the chronic illness we experience is due to the long-term side effects of drugs. That information is blatantly missing – yet blatantly known. Altering the body’s hormones and the messages they carry through vaccines, contraceptives or xenoestrogens is the largest uncontrolled experiment in medical history. What is frightening is that the disruption in the hormones does not only cause endemic health issues, including infertility, but it is also altering our sexuality.

Sadly, her words leave us in no doubt that adding synthetic hormones to childhood vaccines can have a devastating effect on children’s future health. However, this is not the first time estrogen or its components have been found in vaccinations; therefore, we have to consider if this is affecting infertility around the world.

Estrogen Found in Polio Vaccines a Decade Ago

In 2004, an article titled Cancer-Causing Vaccines, Polio, AIDS and Monkey Business [9], written by Alan Cantwell, M.D., raised worldwide concerns when he claimed that polio vaccines, aimed at a total of 74 million African children, had been found to be contaminated with a range of female sex hormones that could lead to sterility.

Dr. Cantwell wrote:

The vaccine program hit a snag last fall when Islamic clerics in the predominantly Muslim-populated areas of northern Nigeria claimed the WHO program was a plot by westerners to depopulate the area. Laboratory tests revealed estrogen and other female sex hormones in the polio vaccine, proof that the vaccines were contaminated with substances that could cause sterility. Furthermore, Nigerian officials became aware of internet reports suggesting the WHO vaccine might be contaminated with HIV (the AIDS virus) and other cancer-causing viruses. African blacks are as suspicious of government vaccines programs as American blacks. A 1990 survey of African-Americans in New York City showed 30% believed AIDS is an ethno-specific bioweapon designed in a laboratory to kill black people.

As this was a vaccine supported by the United Nations, the World Health Organization (WHO), UNICEF, Rotary International, and the U.S. Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to eradicate global polio, one would have expected the WHO to provide the African people with answers as to why this vaccine had been contaminated. Sadly, this was not the case as Dr. Cantwell continued his excellent exposé by revealing that instead of reassuring the public, the WHO, the world’s so-called leading international health agency, accused the Nigerians of exporting polio to surrounding nations.

Conclusion: How Can We Trust that Vaccines are Safe?

This leaves us with many unanswered questions. How can we, the vaccine consumers, trust that the vaccines that we are giving our children are safe? This is not the first time that leading professionals such as Dr. Wahome Ngare and Leslie Carol Botha have provided us with scientific data proving that the vaccines that we have believed for years to be safe are, in fact, not fit for purpose.

Due to their impoverished circumstances, children in Africa are some of the most vulnerable children in the world and, it is for this reason, that organizations such as the WHO should be protecting them. Instead, they only protect their own interests and blame African people for causing the problem in the first place. This, we at Health Impact News believe, is one of most evil revelations to date.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [10]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $3.99 [11]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21922,"Medical tyranny is dangerously gaining traction all across the United States, where the State believes they have greater authority than parents in deciding health matters for children, such as vaccinations. Financed by a powerful and rich pro-pharma lobby, parental rights to make health decisions for their own children are being attacked in many states. There is opposition, however, and a recent case in Colorado proved that if parents become active and fight for their rights, it is possible to stem this tide of medical tyranny. Health Impact News encourages everyone concerned about health freedom and parental rights to join and support the National Vaccine Information Center. The National Vaccine Information Center is launching a national campaign to secure vaccine safety and informed consent protections in state vaccine policies and laws. If the state can tag, track down and force individuals against their will to be injected with biological products of known and unknown toxicity today, there will be no limit on which individual freedoms the state can take away in the name of the greater good tomorrow. It's time to stand up and protect our rights. What you choose to do, what we all choose to do right now will determine what kind of America we leave to our children and grandchildren.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43823,"[1]by Jonathan Benson

NaturalNews

(NaturalNews) New research out of the U.K. adds to the growing body of evidence highlighting the dangers of antipsychotic drugs. Data gathered from tens of thousands of patient records reveals that popular antipsychosis drugs like AstraZeneca’s Seroquel, Eli Lilly’s Zyprexa, Johnson & Johnson’s Risperdal and Bristol-Myers Squibb’s Abilify, can cause severe blood clots in patients.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.naturalnews.com/031932_antipsychotic_drugs_blood_clots.html [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32218,"Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor



Readers from Italy have been contacting Health Impact News this past week, asking us to cover the massive demonstrations happening throughout Italy to protest a new mandatory vaccine law. This news has been censored from the U.S. corporate media.

Francesca Alesse, who worked with the VAXXED film team to get the film shown in Italy last year, writes:

In an unprecedented way, the decree-law proposed by the Minister of Health has been signed by the sitting Italian president Sergio Mattarella. Only four vaccines were mandatory in Italy, now that number triples to 12. No other decree-law has moved so fast in the Italian legislative system, the reasons of such hurry are incomprehensible considering that the Istituto Superiore Di Sanità (the local version of the CDC) has declared that contrary to what stated in the decree itself there is no objective urgency. There are no epidemics, the number of cases of measles or meningitis in the current year have been substantially lower than the previous year. Thousands of parents have protested the new law this past June 3rd, protests and marches have taken place in 21 Italian cities spread across the nation. A national protest is scheduled for this Sunday June 11th.

The translated full text of the decree-law is found here.

The new law apparently has severe consequences for parents who fail to comply, including the possibility of having their children taken away from them. In addition to public outcry, there appears to be strong political opposition to the law as well.

an Italian commenting on Facebook writes:

Protests are going to increase here, as our Government has announced… a law to introduce 12 mandatory vaccines. The law…. was announced by our Health Ministry to be as follows: 12 mandatory vaccination needed to have access to pre-school system (age 0-6): no vaccination, no enrollment, no exceptions; for mandatory school (age 0-16) if kids were not vaccinated parents should pay a penalty between 500€ and 7.500€ per year, if you cannot afford it, you’ll be refer to Jouvanile Court, that could suspend your parents rights to get your children vaccinated. A national protest is envisaged in Rome on June 11. This will start within the next school year (September 2017); it has been calculated that more then 800,000 kids will need to receive a massive vaccination in a very little time. As you know, Italy had been chosen in 2014 as leading Country for the WHO world vaccination campaign co-financed by Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, therefore what happen here can affect also other countries.

In other comments posted on Facebook, Elisabetta Bressan suggests that the new mandatory vaccine law has strong financial connections to the pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline, which could benefit from over 1 billion euros invested in Italy over the next four years. She writes:

This is the press conference of Health Minister, Ms. Lorenzin explaining the DL https://www.facebook.com/mauriziolupi.it/videos/10155541295653694/ At the opening of the conference, all guests are presented to the press, including Dr. Ranieri Guerra, presented as Director General of Health Prevention of the Ministry of Health. (Man sitting on Ms. Lorenzin right) His curriculum vitae is regularly published in the Government’s website:

http://www.salute.gov.it/…/CV…/CV_pubblicazioni_Guerra_n.pdf at page 6 you can see he is a member of Glaxo Smith-Kline Foundation board. On the Foundation website http://www.fsk.it/la-fondazione/storia-della-fondazione/ you are provided with additional information: In 1987, it was recognized by the World Health Organization (WHO) as the ‘Center for Collaboration in the Training of Health Personnel’ and in 1997 as a ‘Hospitality Management Collaboration Center’ in Italy. The Fsk.it website belongs To Smith Kline Foundation which is maintained thanks to the non-binding annual liberal loan of the founding partner GLAXOSMITHKLINE SpA, as well as the incomes of its own projects. The members of the Board of Directors, as indicated here, are nominated by the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of University and Research, the Ministry of the Economy, ISS, the State State Conference and GlaxoSmithKline SpA and they approve the FSK Activity Plan annually. The members of the Board of Directors (including Mr. Ranieri Guerra) are appointed, among others, by:

– Ministry of Health, represented in the press conference by Minister Beatrice Lorenzin

– ISS,

– Higher Institute of Health, present in the person of Dr. Walter Ricciardi,

– the same GlaxoSmithKline S.p.A. Vaccines and drugs, Glaxo bets 1 billion on Italy

http://www.sanita24.ilsole24ore.com/…/vaccini-e-farmaci-gla… Here we talk about an investment of 1 billion euros in Italy for the next 4 years, including 2016 and the years relating to the new National Vaccine Plan 2017/2019 so promoted by the Ministry of Health.

Health Impact News will continue to publish opposition to forced vaccination laws around the world, since the corporate sponsored “mainstream” media in the U.S. is censoring this information.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32640,"by Nena Patrick

Pea-chi Facebook Page

Getting lice in the family is truly horrifying & if you don’t get rid of them ASAP, they will get into everything & literally take over. Not fun. The really important thing is to find an effective treatment that doesn”t require putting harsh chemicals onto your head, which then get absorbed into […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17339,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Statin drugs that reduce cholesterol in the body are much more harmful than beneficial, even though they do lower cholesterol readings. There is much clinical evidence that lowering cholesterol is not only unnecessary, but it is seriously damaging to overall health.

This is worth repeating even as much as Health Impact News has covered cholesterol and statin issues in the past. Many others, even alternative health sites and practitioners, still continue to perpetuate the cholesterol myth that promotes the scam of dangerous and highly profitable statin drugs.

The High Cholesterol Heart Disease Scare is False

Epidemiological studies tracking elderly people over time have concluded that people with high cholesterol live longer than those with low cholesterol. So there is no need to take a pharmaceutical with dangerous side effects to lower cholesterol.

A 2011 VA study concluded: “… after adjusting for other factors associated with longevity, higher HDL cholesterol levels were significantly associated with survival to 85 years of age.” (Source)

A Swedish study performed with data from American medical institutions disclosed an association with low cholesterol to cancer. It was also published in 2011. (Source)

A more recent science editorial bluntly explains that statin drugs and plant sterols as supplements or added to processed foods do reduce cholesterol, but not coronary heart disease (CHD). Conversely, incidents of CHD increase with cholesterol lowering compounds. (Source)

A very extensive 2015 Japanese study that debunked the whole cholesterol CHD causation myth began with this paragraph:

High cholesterol levels are recognized as a major cause of atherosclerosis. However, for more than half a century some have challenged this notion. But which side is correct, and why can’t we come to a definitive conclusion after all this time and with more and more scientific data available? We believe the answer is very simple: for the side defending this so-called cholesterol theory, the amount of money at stake is too much to lose the fight. (Source)

The 1997 European Heart Journal published a study that counters the claim statins are useful for heart patients by exposing data proving mortality is higher among heart patients using statins. The study title tells all: “Low total cholesterol is associated with high total mortality in patients with coronary heart disease.” (Source)

There are other studies and papers with the same essential message that high cholesterol readings promote longevity while reducing cholesterol shortens lives by leading to cancer and ironically, coronary heart disease (CHD). The cholesterol level count as a marker for heart disease is false.

How come hardly anyone knows of this? Could it be the pharmaceutical industry is enjoying a multibillion dollar statin drug business and the mass mainstream media, especially TV, is enjoying a strong cash flow from advertising pharmaceuticals (“ask you doctor about …”) since this activity was legalized in 1997 in the USA?

Cardiologists are Speaking Out on the Cholesterol Clogs Arteries Myth

Dr. William Davis explains in his article “A Headline You Will Never See: 60 Year Old Man Dies of Cholesterol” that cholesterol doesn’t kill “any more than a bad paint job on your car could cause a fatal car accident.”

Retired heart surgeon Dr. Dwight Lundell cites several other studies that conclude there is no real connection of CHD to high cholesterol, while low fat diets are creating more metabolic syndrome and diabetes 2, both precursors to CHD. He has observed that arterial inflammation from other sources is what leads to CHD. (Source)

Practicing cardiologist Dr. Stephen Sinatra has even appeared on the Dr. Oz show to explain why high cholesterol, LDL or HDL, is not a marker for CHD, but you should be concerned about the tiniest lipoproteins that can burrow into you inner vascular walls and create inflammation.

All cholesterol is the same. It’s only the lipoprotein carriers to direct cholesterol where it’s needed that differ. The ones that are the smallest can create arterial inflammation by burrowing into the endothelial layers of arteries’ inner walls, then cholesterol attempts to repair the damage and gets blamed for damage.

But the damaging tiny lipoproteins are usually generated by added sugars in our processed foods, not saturated fats. Here is part three of that Dr. Oz show.

Lowering Cholesterol Inhibits Bodily Functions that Promote Health and Protect Against Disease

Cholesterol is what helps convert sunlight into vitamin D in the body, which is the safest most natural way to augment the production of what many consider a highly helpful multitasking hormone, although some insist it is an important vitamin.

Some say it’s a hormone or hormone precursor and others say it is a vitamin, regardless, vitamin D3 is vital for creating the hormonal production and balance in our bodies. It’s synthesized by the liver from the cholecalciferol produced by the cholesterol in our skin from sun exposure.

Not enough cholesterol hampers that vitamin D production at it’s beginning. Vitamin D has now been proven to be vital for overall health and even emotional and mental well being. It’s considered important for protecting against chronic disease. So what’s the point in lowering cholesterol if we need it to help us be healthy in so many ways?

Increased neurological disorders and Alzheimer’s have been attributed to low cholesterol. The brain contains 25% of the body’s cholesterol and all cells throughout the body are walled with cholesterol. Lawsuits are piling up from those who have suffered neurological diseases from statins.

Many of these lawsuits also involve the side effect of diabetes type 2 generated by taking statin drugs. The mainstream medical rationale is the benefits of avoiding heart attacks outweigh the risks of the side effects. Problem is, cholesterol is not a risk factor for heart attacks. (Source)

MIT researcher Stephanie Seneff has graphed an increase of Alzheimer’s disease and dementia among the elderly since it is almost customary to prescribe statins for people over 50 with what are considered CHD risk factors even if cholesterol readings are “normal.”

If coconut oil, a saturated fat, can help reverse even Alzheimer’s, what does this say about avoiding fats and lowering cholesterol? Statins reduce cholesterol by curbing it’s production at the root of biochemical cascades that lead to its production. That root is the source of several other heart health nutrients that are eliminated by statin drugs.

Those vital nutrients include CoQ10. It is the most heart health promoting compound that is dampened by curbing cholesterol production. It’s known for strengthening the heart muscle and has been used for CHD patients in Japan since its discovery there.

Also inhibited is vitamin K2, which helps usher calcium from the blood and other soft tissue and into bone matter. If enough calcium accumulates in the blood instead of being absorbed by bone matter, it can calcify within arteries and create inflammation. Again, cholesterol tries to heal the inflammation and gets blamed as the culprit.

According to Dr. Ron Rosedale: LDL particles [considered the “bad cholesterol”] come in many sizes and large LDL particles are not a problem. Only the so-called small dense LDL particles can potentially be a problem, because they can squeeze through the lining of the arteries and if they oxidize they can cause damage and inflammation.

Oxidized LDL is also amply supplied from processed cooking and salad oils and margarine (partially hydrolyzed and hydrolyzed substitutes). Again, it’s been observed that HFCS and high added sugars create that type of small dense LDL particle, not saturated fats.

Statins are toxic to the energy centers of your cells, called mitochondria. They impair heart muscle mitochondria function, disrupt ATP production (adenosine triphosphate), the energy molecules of your body and alter intracellular signaling proteins.

This ATP damage also affects other muscles’ cells and is responsible for the aches, pains, and weakness statin users complain about to the point of quitting the drugs and taking months to completely recover.

How much more useless and dangerous can statin drugs be?

It’s impossible to reconcile the facts with earlier wishes by some mainstream medical doctors to put statins in our water supplies and hand them out with fast foods. At least you still have the option of avoiding statin drugs despite the continued statin push.

Sources:

http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/statin-scam-people-with-higher-cholesterol-live-longer-than-people-with-low-cholesterol/

https://healthimpactnews.com/2015/japanese-research-exposes-statin-scam-people-with-high-cholesterol-live-longer/

http://healthimpactnews.com/2015/how-cholesterol-lowering-statin-drugs-can-interfere-with-your-heart-health/

http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/thousands-sue-for-damages-against-cholesterol-drugs-as-big-pharma-defends-billion-dollar-industry/

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-mercola/the-cholesterol-myth-that_b_676817.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47338,"by Dan Charles and Allison Aubrey

NPR.org

Excerpts:

You’ll soon know whether many of the packaged foods you buy contain ingredients derived from genetically modified plants, such as soybeans and corn.

Over the past week or so, big companies including General Mills, Mars and Kellogg have announced plans to label such products – even though they still don’t think it’s a good idea.

The reason, in a word, is Vermont. The tiny state has boxed big food companies into a corner. Two years ago, the state passed legislation requiring mandatory labeling.

The Grocery Manufacturers Association has fought back against the law, both in court and in Congress, but so far it’s been unsuccessful.

Last week, as we reported, Congress failed to pass an industry-supported measure that would have created a voluntary national standard for labeling — and also would have preempted Vermont’s law. Which means for now, food industry giants still face a July 1 deadline to comply with the state’s labeling mandate.

And since food companies can’t create different packaging just for Vermont, it appears that the tiniest of states has created a labeling standard that will go into effect nationwide.

Read the full story at NPR.org",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33382,"Photos and video by Jeremiah Shilhavy, recipes by Sarah Shilhavy

There are hundreds of uses for coconut oil in the kitchen, with multiple ways of incorporating coconut oil into a healthy diet. As a cooking oil, replace polyunsaturated oils, “vegetable oils” such as corn and soy, with coconut oil. Coconut oil should be your main cooking oil, as it is heat stable, and will not become toxic in uses that require high heat.

Use coconut oil for frying :

[1]

Gluten Free Fried Chicken Recipe [2]

[3]

Gluten Free Coconut Fried Fish Recipe [4]

Use coconut oil for baking:

[5]

Roast Chicken [6]with Coconut Oil Recipe [6]

Use coconut oil for making your own mayonnaise:

[7]

Coconut Mayonnaise Recipe [8]

Use coconut oil in dips:

[9]

Coconut Ranch Party Dip Recipe [10]

Use coconut oil to make your own salad dressings:

[11]

Spicy Coconut Cilantro Dressing Recipe [12]

Use coconut oil to make your own ketchup:

[13]

Homemade Fresh Tomato Ketchup Recipe [14]

Use coconut oil to make the best pie crusts:

[15]

Coconut Oil Pie Crust Recipe [16]

Use coconut oil in your soups:

[17]

Sweet Potato Coconut Peanut Butter Soup Recipe [18]

Use coconut oil to make fudge:

[19]

Black and White Toasted Coconut Fudge Recipe [20]

Use coconut oil to make pudding:

[21]

Quick Chocolate Coconut Pudding Recipe [22]

Use coconut oil to make cookies:

[23]

Gluten Free Chocolate Crinkles Recipe [24]

Use coconut oil to make muffins:

[25]

Gluten Free Lemon-Lime Coconut Flour Muffins Recipe [26]

Use coconut oil to make brownies:

[27]

Coconut Peanut Butter Whole Wheat Brownies Recipe [28]

Use coconut oil to make chocolate cake:

[29]

Making A Foolproof Gluten Free Cake Recipe [30]

Use coconut oil to make chocolate candy:

[31]

Homemade Honey Chocolate Recipe [32]

Use coconut oil in gluten free and dairy free recipes:

[33]

Strawberry Cream Pie – Gluten Free and Dairy Free Recipe [34]

Add coconut oil to your coffee:

[35]

Spiced Coconut Mocha Recipe [36]

Use coconut oil in hot chocolate:

[37]

Coconut Peanut Butter Cup Hot Cocoa Recipe [38]

Use coconut oil to add energy to your smoothies:

[39]

How to Add Coconut Oil to Smoothies without the Oil Clumping Recipe [40]

Use coconut oil in your protein shakes for extra energy:

[41]

Chocolate Coconut Banana Protein Shake Recipe [42]

Use coconut oil in chocolate milk:

[43]

Pecan Coconut Chocolate Milk Recipe [44]

For hundreds of more uses of coconut oil, visit FreeCoconutRecipes.com [45] where other coconut oil users submit their kitchen-tested coconut recipes. We post new recipes every week!

[46]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22959,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

Dr. Lynn Mielke, M.D., is one of the latest medical doctors in California to speak out against mandatory vaccines, and the attempt by California lawmakers to remove existing vaccine exemptions.

Dr. Mielke spoke recently during the California Senate Health Committee meetings regarding CA Bill SB277.

Dr. Mielke is the founder of Developmental Spectrums clinic [2], which specializes in the biomedical treatment of Autistic Spectrum Disorders. Dr. Mielke graduated from the Indiana University School of Medicine, and did her Psychiatry residency at UCLA’s Neuropsychiatric Institute. After finishing her residency, she was an Associate Clinical Professor at UCLA in the Department of Family Practice for several years and had a private practice in Westwood, before moving to Pleasanton, where she practiced as a Psychiatrist for several years. She is a Fellow of the Medical Academy of Pediatric Special Needs [3].

She is also the mother of an autistic child.

Dr. Mielke expressed her “deep concern” about losing the principle of informed consent in the doctor-patient relationship, and her freedom and right to make individualized medical decisions for her child. Dr. Mielke explained that most of the children she was treating in her clinic were suffering from developmental delays, due to many underlying medical conditions, such as: gastrointestinal disorders, nutritional deficiencies, mitochondrial disorders, exposures to toxins, immune deficiencies, chronic infections, and auto immunity to the brain.

These medical issues make this subset of the population potentially more sensitive to adverse vaccine reactions.

Dr. Mielke pointed out that there is no current mandate to test children for underlying conditions that could make them more susceptible to vaccine injuries prior to vaccinating them. Therefore, she only sees these children “after the damage is already done.”

In these situations, where medical vulnerabilities exist, it is critical that we are not forced to practice government-mandated medicine. SB277 could increase the number of vaccine-injured children and will eviscerate the doctor-patient relationship and informed consent. Safe vaccination is the goal. But there is no safe one-size-fits-all vaccine policy. A forced universal vaccine program could injure many, and society as a whole, and families like mine, and those of my patients, will be left to bear the burden. Once a vaccine is given, it cannot be undone. I strongly urge you to oppose SB277.

Learn more about Dr. Mielke and her work with developmentally disabled children in this short video:

California Senate Passes SB277

In spite of the testimony of Dr. Mielke, many other medical professionals, and thousands of parents in California who showed up to oppose SB277, the California Senate this week passed it anyway, by a vote of 25 to 10.

Senator Joel Anderson, one of the 10 senators to oppose the bill, tried to offer an amendment that would require doctors to inform parents of the contents of a vaccine before administering one. Religious exemptions currently exist because many people would not want to inject cell lines from aborted human babies into their bodies. The amendment was “tabled” by the majority without a full, open debate on its merits.

After denying any attempts to add amendments to SB277, the bill came to the floor for a vote. Here is Senator Joel Anderson’s statement:

Senate Bill 277 violates parental rights and infringes upon Californian’s basic fundamental right to freely exercise their faith. As legislators, one of our most basic responsibilities is to protect individual rights, not trample them by violating one’s faith. Inserting state government between the sacred parent-child relationship is wrong. I opposed SB 277 on the Senate Floor and will continue to fight to protect parental rights and religious liberties anywhere they are threatened.

What’s Next for California and Medical Tyranny?

SB277 will now head to the California Assembly. Regardless of what the mainstream media in California is publishing, which tends be one-sided favoring SB277, mass demonstrations all across California are not in favor of SB277, but opposed to SB277.

If you live in California and do not want to live in a Police State where the government decides what is best for your child when it comes to medical decisions, you need to immediately contact your representative here [5].

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com [6]

See Also:

Saying NO To Vaccines

By Dr. Sherri Tenpenny

You have legal options!

[11]

More Info [11]

[12]

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping Available! [12]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32845,"[1]

by Alliance for Natural Health [1]

And What If I Do Get a Foodborne Illness?

What you need is probably already in your kitchen.

Those unlucky enough to come down with a foodborne illness are usually prescribed antibiotics, which may wreak further havoc [2] on their digestive and immune system, especially if not offset with probiotics. An alternative is raw garlic. Take a clove and cut it into four or more capsule-sized pieces, then swallow them whole without chewing. The “don’t chew” advice is important because raw garlic, once chewed, will be too hot for your mouth. Swallowed whole in capsule shape, it isn’t too hot to take and goes down readily. This can be repeated several times a day.

According to research published in the Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy, a compound in garlic, diallyl sulfide, fights foodborne illnesses [3] 100 times better than antibiotics. This research focused on the campylobacter bacterium, the most common bacterial cause of foodborne illness. The same bacteria also cause about one-third of the cases each year of the paralyzing disorder Guillain-Barré syndrome.

Other research suggests that, unlike antibiotics, garlic kills the bad bugs while leaving your good bacteria alone [4], and also kills a wide variety of bad bugs, not just campylobacter. Allicin, another compound in garlic, appears to be effective against [5] E. coli, staphylococcus aureus, clostridium perfringens, and salmonella.

How does it happen that garlic would attack the bad bugs but not the good bacteria that are an essential part of our digestion and immune system? Nobody really knows, but research indicates that garlic is one of the top prebiotics [6]—that is, food ingredients that stimulate the growth and/or activity of “good” bacteria in the digestive system in ways that are beneficial to health. Humans have been eating garlic for immense stretches of time, so it would be reasonable to suppose that our friendly bacteria have evolved to live with it while the bad bugs have not.

If correct, this is another example of why natural products tend to be safer on average, and often more effective, than the newly created, patentable substances known as drugs. Some natural substances are of course dangerous; some are poisons. But the odds of being poisoned by a natural substance on average are less than something completely new to nature, which our bodies are completely unprepared for.

Raw garlic is truly a wonder food. According to the Linus Pauling Institute [7], in addition to its antimicrobial activity (which includes viruses and fungal as well as bacterial infections), raw garlic helps lower “bad” cholesterol, is a powerful anti-inflammatory, may help atherosclerosis, lowers blood pressure, is an excellent antioxidant, and may fight a number of different cancers [8] via multiple pathways.

In our personal (and therefore anecdotal) experience, garlic is the one thing to reach for if you have a foodborne illness. But there are other things to think of as well. Research has shown red wine to be effective in killing stomach bugs [9]. For some reason, only red wine, not white wine or other forms of alcohol, is effective in this regard. Perhaps this is because of the higher resveratrol content in red wine. Indeed, other research has shown resveratrol itself to be helpful against foodborne infections. And if the infection is really, really serious, there is colloidal silver, but we will be discussing the research behind that in a future article.

Read the full article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/and-what-if-i-do-get-a-foodborne-illness/ [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33293,"When you need a quick and healthy ""treat"", no-bake coconut oil bark recipes can provide the perfect solution! Mix the ingredients together and simply place in the refrigerator to harden. In no time, you have a healthy snack that is far better, and healthier, than anything you could buy in a store!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32514,"http://labelgmos.org [1] – the California Committee for the Right to Know wants to let you know about this new ballot initiative in California and what it REALLY means for you and your family.

Our mission is to get this initiative on the CA 2012 ballot to require mandatory labeling of foods that contain genetically engineered ingredients.

We need 850,000 signatures to put this up for the vote this November. Visit http://labelgmos.org [1] to find a place near you to sign; you have until April 22nd.

While this is an initiative for California, EVERYONE EATS!!

What happens here impacts the whole country AND we invite other states to join us in a unified STAND for what we want.

Polls consistently show that a large margin of the majority of citizens in the US want GMOs labeled (72-96%, depending on the poll). It’s time for this to be law. Please visit www.labelgmos.org [2] and get involved in the future of your food.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17355,"by Dr. Mercola [1]

[1]Researchers have found that daily intakes of vitamin D by adults in the range of 4000-8000 IU are needed to maintain blood levels of vitamin D metabolites in the range needed to reduce by about half the risk of breast cancer, colon cancer, multiple sclerosis, and type 1 diabetes.

While an Institute of Medicine committee has stated that 4000 IU/day is a safe dosage, their recommended minimum daily intake is only 600 IU/day. According to the study in the journal Anticancer Research:

“The supplemental dose ensuring that 97.5 percent of this population achieved a serum 25(OH)D of at least 40 ng/ml was 9,600 IU/d … Universal intake of up to 40,000 IU vitamin D per day is unlikely to result in vitamin D toxicity.”

Meanwhile, during the winter, pre-teen girls especially may need more vitamin D to have healthy bones, according to a separate new study. The research found that teen girls need a vitamin D intake of about 750 IU per day to have levels in their blood that allow for healthy bone growth.

This amount is higher than the U.S. Institute of Medicine’s recommendation of 600 IU per day.

Reuters reports:

“… [W]earing sun block and not spending time outside can cut down on the vitamin D we get from the sun.”

Sources:

Anticancer Research 2011; 31(2)

Reuters February 11, 2011

The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition

Dr. Mercola’s Comments:

This new research confirms what I have been saying for some time now, that Americans simply are not getting enough vitamin D to maintain healthy bones, much less getting enough to fight off the diseases that vitamin D has been shown to cut the risk of in half. I was one of the first to publicly advocate increasing your vitamin D level. This new study validates the concept that therapeutic doses of up to 40,000 IU a day is unlikely to result in vitamin D toxicity. It has been my experience that many are still nervous about taking doses larger than 1000 to 2000 units per day. This is unfortunate as most adults without sun exposure will need 6-8,000 units of vitamin D per day to attain healthy vitamin D levels. Earlier studies have shown that optimizing your vitamin D levels could help you to prevent at least 16 different types of cancer [2] including pancreatic, lung, ovarian, prostate, and skin cancers. The four major points to remember about vitamin D are the following: Your best source for this vitamin is exposure to the sun, without sunblock on your skin, until your skin turns the lightest shade of pink. While this isn’t always possible due to the change of the seasons and your geographic location (and your skin color), this is the ideal to aim for. Vitamin D supplementation can fill the gaps during the winter months outside of the tropics, when healthy sun exposure is not an option. When you do supplement with vitamin D, you’ll only want to supplement with natural vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol). Do NOT use the synthetic and highly inferior vitamin D2, which is the one most doctors will give you in a prescription most of the time unless you ask specifically for D3. Get your vitamin D blood levels checked! The only way to determine the correct dose is to get your blood tested [3] since there are so many variables that influence your vitamin D status. I recommend using Lab Corp in the U.S. If you get it done by Quest, you’ll need to divide your result by 1.3 to get the “real” number. Getting the correct test is the first step in this process, as there are TWO vitamin D tests currently being offered: 1,25(OH)D and 25(OH)D. The correct test your doctor needs to order is 25(OH)D, also called 25-hydroxyvitamin D, which is the better marker of overall D status. This is the marker that is most strongly associated with overall health.

What is Vitamin D?

Vitamin D is a steroid hormone that influences virtually every cell in your body, and is easily one of nature’s most potent cancer fighters. Receptors that respond to vitamin D have been found in nearly every type of human cell, from your bones to your brain. Your organs can convert the vitamin D in your bloodstream into calcitriol, which is the hormonal or activated version of vitamin D. Your organs then use it to repair damage, including damage from cancer cells and tumors. Theories linking vitamin D to certain cancers [4] have been tested and confirmed in more than 200 epidemiological studies, and understanding of its physiological basis stems from more than 2,500 laboratory studies, according to epidemiologist Cedric Garland, DrPH, professor of family and preventive medicine at the UC San Diego School of Medicine. Dr. Garland is widely regarded as the leading epidemiologist on vitamin D and its relation to health. He led one study on vitamin D for cancer prevention and proposed a new model of cancer development [5] — dubbed DINOMIT– that is centered on a loss of cancer cells’ ability to stick together.

Pre-Teen Girls and Vitamin D

In one of the new studies above, Kevin Cashman, head of the School of Food and Nutritional Sciences at University College Cork in Ireland, found that teen girls need a vitamin D intake of about 750 IU per day to have levels in their blood that allow for healthy bone growth. Please remember though that the lowest level of vitamin D is needed to help bone growth. Far higher levels are required to get the benefits for treating cancer, heart disease and the many other conditions that vitamin D benefits. According to Dr. Steven Abrams, professor of pediatrics at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston: “It means that below that level that there’s a risk that all of the needs for bone health are not being met.” But is 750 IU per day really enough to meet the needs of a growing body?

My Recommendations for Vitamin D Dosing

When you are not able to get healthy, safe, daily sun exposure [6], the new research referenced in the article above indicates the average efficacious dose of vitamin D for reaching the levels thought to fight disease in study subjects was found to be 9,600 IU per day, well above the rates currently recommended by either the government or even myself. And that dose only produced blood levels of 40 ng/ml in study subjects, not nearly the level of 60 ng/ml that I currently recommend for optimal disease fighting. Ideally, it is best to get your vitamin D from sun exposure. However, it’s important to realize that sun exposure needs are dependent on numerous factors, such as the color of your skin, your location, age, altitude, and season. The study above found that daily intakes of vitamin D by adults in the range of 4000-8000 IU were needed to maintain blood levels of vitamin D metabolites in the range needed to reduce by about half the risk of breast cancer, colon cancer, multiple sclerosis, and type 1 diabetes. So, although these recommendations may put you closer to the ballpark of what most people likely need, it is simply impossible to make a blanket recommendation that will cover everyone’s needs. For instance, the lighter your skin, the more vitamin D you will produce from sun exposure, and the closer you live to the equator, the more vitamin D the sun on your skin will produce. So it is a fine science trying to figure out how much vitamin D your body is able to produce naturally. You really need to be your own vitamin D level sleuth, and I suggest you do the necessary work, because this is truly one of the most powerhouse vitamins available for your health, and one that and the majority of people currently are deficient. The only way to truly optimize your own vitamin D levels are to work with your doctor taking the 25 OH D test and then supplement with a dose somewhere in the range of 5000-40,000, and retest your blood levels after a few months of supplementation. According to the study above entitled “Vitamin D Supplement Doses and Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D in the Range Associated with Cancer Prevention”: “Studies indicate that intake of vitamin D in the range from 1,100 to 4,000 IU/d and a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration [25(OH)D] from 60-80 ng/ml may be needed to reduce cancer risk. Per 1000 IU/day, 10 ng/ml rise starting at 10 ng/ml; only 8 ng/ml rise starting at 30 ng/ml; only 5 ng/ml rise starting at 50 ng/ml.” This means a law of diminishing returns applies to vitamin D supplementation, as after 30ng/ml the amount your blood level vitamin D rises is LESS with each further increase of 1000 IU. This is why doses approaching 10,000 IU may be necessary to fight cancer for people with already low blood levels of vitamin D. For children below the age of 5 I recommend 35 IU per pound per day and for pregnant women I recommend anywhere from 5,000 to 10,000 IU per day. But again, there really is no “right” amount unless you take the time to have your blood levels checked. And I certainly wouldn’t recommend more than 40,000 IU per day for anyone at this time, especially without monitoring your blood level of vitamin D.

Optimal Vitamin D Levels Explained

The “normal” 25-hydroxyvitamin D lab range is between 20-56 ng/ml. As you can see from this discussion, this conventional range is really a sign of deficiency, and is too broad to be ideal. In fact, your vitamin D level should not be below 32 ng/ml, and any levels below 20 ng/ml are considered serious deficiency states, increasing your risk of cancer and autoimmune diseases like multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis, just to name a few. The OPTIMAL value that you’re looking for is 50-65 ng/ml and for those with diseases probably 60-85 ng/ml. Remember that if you were in the sun nearly every day with large amounts of your skin exposed and not taking any oral vitamin D, your level would be around 100 ng/ml. This range applies for everyone: children, adolescents, adults and seniors. Keeping your level in this range, and even erring toward the higher numbers in this range, is going to give you the most protective benefit. And the way you maintain your levels within this range is by getting tested regularly — say two to four times a year in the beginning, and adjusting your vitamin D intake accordingly.

Astaxanthin as an Internal Sunscreen

Too much sun exposure can be just as much of a problem as too little, but you want to avoid commercial sunscreens at all costs, as they put harmful chemicals into your bloodstream that can cause potential health risks far outweighing the gains of blocking out the good UVB rays in the first place [7]. Astaxanthin has recently jumped to the front of the line in terms of its status as a “supernutrient,” becoming the focus of a large and growing number of peer-reviewed scientific studies. One of the benefits of astaxanthin that has piqued the interest of researchers is its ability to protect your skin from the sun, and thereby reduce the signs of aging. Cyanotech Corporation funded a study [8] through an independent consumer research laboratory to measure the skin’s resistance to both UVA and UVB light, before and after astaxanthin supplementation. The result was that in only two weeks of taking 4mg per day, subjects showed a significant increase in the amount of time necessary for UV radiation to redden their skin. Animal studies lend further evidence to astaxanthin’s effects as an internal sunscreen. Consider the following: In 1995, hairless mice were fed various combinations of astaxanthin, beta-carotene and retinol for four months. After irradiation, astaxanthin alone or in combination with retinol was substantially effective in preventing photoaging of the skin (as measured by markers for skin damage

In a 1998 study [9] with rats, astaxanthin was found to be 100 times stronger than beta-carotene and 1000 times stronger than lutein in preventing UVA light-induced oxidative stress. The Journal of Dermatological Science published a study in 2002 that found astaxanthin is able to protect against alterations in human DNA induced by UVA light exposure. So supplementing with astaxanthin is something you want to consider to maximize your body’s internal ability to fight damage from the sun while you are getting safe sun exposure to optimize your vitamin D levels. Astaxanthin is certainly a better sunscreen option than most commercial sunscreens, which I do not recommend [10].

How to Further Optimize your Vitamin D Levels

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.

Read the Full Article Here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/03/10/what-dose-of-oral-vitamin-d-do-you-need-to-prevent-cancer.aspx [1]

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21996,"By Barbara Loe Fisher [1]

National Vaccine Information Center [1]

The non-profit charity, the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC was a co-sponsor of the Truth, Transparency and Freedom rally held in Atlanta, Georgia on Oct. 24, 2015, an event coordinated by the Vaccine Injury Awareness League led by Michelle Ford.

We sent a team of NVIC staff and volunteers to Atlanta to stand in solidarity at the protest march in front of the CDC on Oct. 23 and at the rally the next day with mothers and fathers from many different states, who hold diverse cultural, political and religious beliefs but are united in a shared, unwavering commitment to save our children.

I was deeply moved by what I witnessed and experienced in Atlanta as I listened to fellow Americans from other minority communities, who, just like parents of vaccine injured children, have been marginalized and demonized by those in positions of power seeking to stigmatize, segregate and divide us. If we misunderstand and fear each other for our differences, we cannot come together as one people to defend what unites us, which is our determination to protect our health and freedom and the future of our nation.

Following is the 20-minute speech I gave at the rally in Grant Park in Atlanta on Oct. 24, 2015.

The Health Liberty Revolution to Save Our Children

by Barbara Loe Fisher

[2]

Those tiny miracles. God’s most precious gift to us. We hold them in wonder just moments after they are born. We love them in a way we never loved anyone, and they love us in a way that no one else ever will.

Then, one day, we wake up. And they are as big as we are, ready to go out in the world and make their own way, and hold their own babies in their arms, completing the natural order of life.

But for many children, the natural order of life will never be completed. Some have already died. Some will one day join the ranks of the working disabled. And others will grow old and die in state homes, with the bodies of adults and the brains of babies.

For these children, the natural order of life has been forever changed by manmade viral and bacterial vaccines they were required, by law, to use.

May God bless each one of you who made the pilgrimage to Atlanta, Georgia on this day, Oct. 24, 2015, to be at this Truth, Transparency and Freedom Rally.

We have come to witness and honor our children, who have no voice and have no choice except that which we, their mothers and fathers, give to them.

We have come to defend the inalienable natural rights that unite all of us regardless of where we live, the color of our skin, the faith that sustains us, or the philosophies that define us.

We stand united in our commitment to protect this and future generations from exploitation by the pharmaceutical, chemical and medical trade industries that have polluted our earth and created the sickest and most disabled child and young adult populations in our nation’s history.

We will not be silent while our children are being harmed by those who have no liability or accountability for their actions.

We will not bow down before our oppressors and witness the biological integrity of another generation of children be destroyed in this bitter harvest that can only continue if we allow it to continue.

This is a Health Liberty Revolution and we are declaring our independence from the profit-driven, fear-based toxic paradigm embraced by government and fed by industries that are bankrupting America’s health care system 1 and taking away our freedom to choose how we and our children heal and stay well.2 3

Three decades ago, on May 12, 1986, a handful of parents gathered in Atlanta to hold the first public demonstration protesting the failure of the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) to tell the people the truth about vaccine injuries and deaths. Back then, we held up signs with photos of healthy children who had been brain damaged or died from severe reactions to the crude and toxic whole cell pertussis vaccine in the DPT shot.

Today, a new generation of mothers and fathers have come to Atlanta once again to protest the failure of government to tell the truth about vaccine risks and failures. And, like 30 years ago, many of the signs you held up yesterday at the march in front of the CDC were photos of children who have died or been brain damaged after being vaccinated.

We are here to witness and talk about the suffering of our children. The suffering of vaccine injured children is no different from those who suffer from the complications of infectious disease, except that the lives of the vaccine injured are dismissed as acceptable losses, and their families are persecuted by those who do not want to see or hear about what vaccines are doing to our children.4 5

We believe that every life is important. We will not look the other way while those vulnerable to vaccine injury and death are being sacrificed in the name of the greater good.

When the State considers one of us to be expendable, then we are all considered expendable.

It is time to hold corporations and government agencies corrupting science and exploiting the people for profit and power financially and legally accountable for what they have done, shamefully, in the name of the greater good.

The greater good of a society is never served when public health policy is based on a utilitarian pseudo ethic that uses demonization, discrimination and segregation to pit citizen against citizen and punish people for exercising their human and civil rights.6

We will not give up our human right to exercise informed consent to medical risk taking in order to exercise our civil right to a school education, health care and employment.

It is time to stand up and throw off the chemical chains that are making us sick and reaffirm the natural rights of freedom of speech and conscience and the pursuit of life and liberty guaranteed in the U.S. Constitution.

I say this as a mother who witnessed her healthy, bright two and a half year old first born child suffer a convulsion, collapse shock and brain inflammation within hours of his fourth DPT shot in 1980 that left him with multiple learning disabilities and a 12-year sentence confined to a special education classroom in the public school system. My son did not die and he was not severely brain damaged like so many children for whom the risks of vaccination turn out to be 100 percent.

But he was part of the tidal wave of learning disabled children emerging in the 1980’s, growing larger in the 1990’s, and exploding in the first decade of the 21stcentury at precisely the same time that the government’s child vaccine schedule tripled from 23 doses of 7 vaccines to a bloated 69 doses of 16 vaccines.7 8 During those three decades, a shocking number of our children have been struck down and crippled by a chronic disease and disability epidemic sweeping through schools that now affects 1 child in 6 diagnosed with learning disabilities;9 1 in 9 with asthma;10 1 in 10 with ADHD;11 1 in 12 with depression;12 1 in 50 with autism13 and 1 in 400 with diabetes.14

For every parent who was able to travel to Atlanta today, there are tens of thousands who cannot come because they are at home caring for sick and disabled children. Never being well has become the new normal for children growing up in America. And the three trillion dollar a year health care price tag paid by taxpayers for that new normal today,15 16 pales in comparison to what it is going to cost tomorrow, as more and more of these chronically ill and disabled children become adults.17 1819 20

Where are they going to live? What kind of jobs will they hold? What happens when their parents die?

Public health officials and pediatricians cannot tell us why so many of our children are crowding special education classrooms, doctors offices and mental health facilities, and they are doing absolutely nothing to find out. They just repeat over and over again that this failing public health report card has absolutely nothing to do with atypically manipulating the immune systems of pregnant women with four vaccines given in any trimester21 and doing the same thing to children over and over again in the first six years of life, starting on the day of birth, with 49 vaccinations22 that contain genetically engineered viruses and bacteria and a cocktail of ingredients like mercury, aluminum, formaldehyde, phenoxyethanol, gluteraldehyde, proteins, synthetic particles, antibiotics, and human, animal and insect DNA and RNA, plus allowable amounts of adventitious agents.23

Government health officials claim – but have failed to scientifically prove – that our children’s health is not affected by repeatedly hyperstimulating inflammatory responses with vaccines; or feeding them GMO and processed foods laced with pesticides, hormones and antibiotics;24 or giving them water contaminated with fluoride;25 or allowing dentists to put mercury fillings in their mouths;26 or giving them amphetamines, anti-depressants and other kinds of prescription drugs27 with side effects that include suicidal thoughts and violent behavior.

CDC officials and pediatricians cannot explain why, today, everybody either has a child or knows a child who was born healthy, then suddenly regressed physically, mentally and emotionally and joined the ranks of the walking wounded. They cannot tell us why so many children were once healthy, got vaccinated and were never healthy again. They refuse to do the good science to find out why the bodies of so many highly vaccinated children are on fire, riddled with chronic inflammation that is at the root of most brain and immune system disorders, including ADHD, epilepsy, allergies, asthma, autism, diabetes, inflammatory bowel disease, obesity, cancer, schizophrenia and depression.28

It was not always this way in America. I grew up in the 1950’s and 60’s and remember when every child got measles, mumps and chickenpox before age 10, but there were no special education classrooms in public schools to house legions of learning disabled, autistic and emotionally disturbed children. I remember when it was the rare child who had asthma or diabetes and there was no need to store student supplies of Ritalin and Prozac in the school nurse’s office. I remember when we all brought peanut butter sandwiches in our lunch bags to school without being afraid it would kill one of our classmates.29

The biggest public health emergency in America is not a few measles cases at Disneyland in a population of 320 million people,30where less than one percent of all children are unvaccinated and 95 percent of them have gotten two measles shots and five pertussis shots, plus dozens of doses of other vaccines.31 32

The real public health emergency in America is the one that is being covered up by government and industry working overtime with the mainstream media to distract, deceive, stonewall and restrict the freedom of Americans to take control of their health. Instead of doing everything they can to find out why so many children are so sick and disabled, industry and government are working together to eliminate our legal to make voluntary vaccine choices and eat organic33 and choose chiropractic, acupuncture, homeopathy, naturopathy, herbs, vitamins, natural supplements and other non-pharmaceutical options for healing and staying well.

Over the past quarter century, Congress has given permission for government to forge a public-private business partnership with the pharmaceutical and chemical industries. The U.S. and global vaccine market alone is a $$30 billion dollar business but in 10 years, Big Pharma will enjoy a $$100 billion dollar vaccine business.34 The most influential and wealthy lobby on Capitol Hill has spent billions of dollars to co-opt federal research, regulatory and policymaking agencies and academic institutions in this country.35 This influence peddling guarantees that junk science favoring industry profit-making is the only kind of science that informs public health policy.

So when Congress appropriates $$1 trillion dollars a year to the Department of Health, government officials employed by the CDC, NIH and FDA do not use that taxpayer money to conduct basic science research to identify children at high risk for vaccine injury,36 or to compare the health of vaccinated and unvaccinated children to find out why parents consistently report that unvaccinated children are healthier and get higher grades in school than vaccinated children.37They do not use that money to find out why infectious microbes are evolving into more virulent and vaccine resistant forms after 50 years of mass vaccination policies38 or to determine whether more children are developing genetic mutations after vaccination that damages their DNA.39

Instead, public health officials hide their heads in the sand and collaborate with industry to create hundreds of new experimental vaccines that will be fast tracked to licensure and forced on you and everyone you know – no exceptions and no questions asked.4041 42 They are using electronic medical records tracking systems to monitor your vaccination status and lobby for vaccination laws that require you to adhere to a cradle to the grave vaccine schedule that will include an AIDS vaccine and every other vaccine that Big Pharma markets and the CDC recommends in the future.43

Today, if you are a child or adult and live in California or other states that have already eliminated religious and conscientious belief vaccine exemptions and you refuse one or more government mandated vaccines, you cannot get a school education, medical care or be employed as a child or health care worker unless you can find a doctor to write a medical vaccine exemption that 99.99 percent of Americans do not qualify for under federal guidelines.44

And tomorrow? Well, if Americans do not get up off their knees and stop worshipping doctors promoting junk science, it is not possible but probable, that tomorrow you will not be able to get on a bus, train or plane; enter a store or sports arena; obtain a driver’s license, file your taxes or function in society unless you can prove you have gotten every vaccine that industry creates and doctors implementing government policy order you to get.

And when you or your child suffer brain inflammation and collapse, have convulsions and never recover your health after getting vaccinated, you can be sure that industry and government will either dismiss it as “just a coincidence,” or label you genetically defective and claim you would have become brain damaged even if no vaccines had been given. It is already being done and it is so easy to do that, when nobody making, selling, licensing, giving and voting to mandate liability free vaccines has any accountability, and CDC officials can throw scientific evidence about vaccine risks into garbage cans.45

And the ones who know deep in the core of their being that they are not being told the truth about vaccine risks, and sense that their children are in danger, are mothers, who carry their babies inside them for nine months and give birth and are endowed with a primal instinct that God gave women so they have the courage to protect their babies from harm until they are able to survive on their own. That biological imperative to outlive our children is hard wired into our DNA because it is what protects the survival of every species on this earth.

As mothers, we are responsible for our children’s health. We are the ones who care for them when they become sick and unable to care for themselves for any reason, and we are the ones who stand with their fathers and weep at their graves if they die before we do. And yet, thinking Moms who use their intellect to evaluate the benefits and risks of vaccination for their child and then listen to their gut instincts and act rationally to protect their children from harm, are being bullied, ridiculed and punished by pediatricians for making vaccine and other health care choices for their children that do not conform with government policy.46

The freedom to follow our conscience when deciding what we will risk our life or the life of our child for is a human right.47 48 It is at the heart of what it means to be free.

Because if the State can tag, track down and force individuals to be injected with biologicals of known and unknown toxicity today, then there will be no limit on which individual freedoms the state can take away in the name of the greater good tomorrow.

Liability free doctors inside and outside of government should never be given the power to force us to play vaccine roulette with liability free vaccines.

And corporations marketing pharmaceutical products that can injure and kill us and our children should never be given a shield from legal accountability for the safety of their products in a civil court of law in front of a jury of our peers.

In 1986, Congress passed the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act after drug companies threatened to leave America without a childhood vaccine supply if they were not protected from vaccine injury lawsuits.48 The 1986 law confirmed that vaccines can injure and kill and gave partial liability protection to vaccine manufacturers and pediatricians by creating a federal vaccine injury compensation system alternative to a vaccine injury lawsuit.49

Congress promised parents that the compensation program would be a no-fault, non-adversarial, expedited, less expensive and less traumatic administrative alternative to suing pharmaceutical corporations and negligent doctors. Parents were also promised that the historic vaccine informing, recording, reporting and research safety provisions secured by co-founders of the National Vaccine Information Center into that law, would be enforced.

In 2011, when the U.S. Supreme Court declared that vaccines are “unavoidably unsafe” and effectively handed the pharmaceutical industry a total product liability shield from vaccine injury lawsuits – even when there is evidence that a drug company could have made a vaccine safer – the compensation program became the exclusive legal remedy for vaccine injured Americans.50 And with that free pass, government and industry immediately moved into state legislatures to eliminate personal belief vaccine exemptions as well as federal compensation for vaccine injured children.

Every single promise that Congress made to parents in 1986 was a lie. In what has become a profound betrayal of public trust, the social contract government made with parents obeying vaccine laws in America has been irreparably broken.

Although three billion dollars has been awarded to about 4,000 vaccine victims,51 there is $$3 billion dollars still sitting in the Trust Fund because government fights almost every single claim, and two out of three vaccine injured persons are turned away empty handed. The majority of awards are paid to adults injured by flu vaccine and not to children who suffer brain inflammation and are disabled for the rest of their lives after receiving one or more of the 16 government recommended and state mandated vaccines. The Secretary of Health and Justice Department lawyers drag out the compensation claims process for years52 and have gutted the rules for compensation so that few children qualify, turning the program into a cruel imitation of a court trial with no jury. Doctors giving vaccines refuse to obey the vaccine safety provisions because there is no enforcement.

Congress has failed to provide oversight on the 1986 law, allowing government agencies to deliberately destroy the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act and turn it into a drug company stockholder’s dream and a parent’s worst nightmare.

The 1986 law is a failed experiment in tort reform53 and it should be repealed.

The pharmaceutical industry and negligent doctors must be held fully accountable and liable for vaccine injuries and deaths in civil court. And every public health law in America must include informed consent protections in the form of flexible medical, religious and conscientious belief exemptions.

Truth, transparency, accountability and freedom protect against tyranny and there is no greater calling for Americans in the 21stcentury than to take action to restore those cultural values in government and our nation’s institutions.

The Millennials, whose children could be subjected to twice as many vaccinations as children are given today, are joining hands with Generation X and picking up the torch that was lit by parents of DPT vaccine injured children in 1982, when we launched the organized vaccine safety and informed consent movement in America. Your journey has begun here in Atlanta, just like ours began in Atlanta 30 years ago.

The mountain you must climb is high, but you will climb it and bring about a new age of enlightenment in this Health Liberty Revolution led by people for the people. And you will not give up, just like we have not given up, because we are doing this work to save our children and the country we love.

We are the daughters and sons of liberty, and our mission continues:

No forced vaccination. Not in America.

Sources and References

1 [3] Healthcare Reform Magazine. Healthcare Costs Could Bankrupt America [4]. Jan. 23, 2014.

2 [5] NVIC.org. Cry for Vaccine Freedom Wall [6].

3 [7] Richardson D. The Fallout from California SB277: What Happens Next? [8] NVIC Newsletter Aug. 5, 2015.

4 [9] NVIC.org. International Memorial for Vaccine Victims [10].

5 [11] Fisher BL. The Vaccine Culture War in America: Are You Ready? [12] NVIC Newsletter Mar. 8, 2015.

6 [13] Fisher BL. Vaccination: Defending Your Right to Know and Freedom to Choose [14]. U.S. Health Freedom Congress Keynote Address, Hamline University Sept. 27, 2014.

7 [15] CDC. Recommended schedule for active immunization of normal infants and children 1983.

8 [16] CDC. Recommended Immunization Schedule for Persons Aged 0 Through 18 Years – United States, 2015.

9 [17] Boyle CA, Boulet S et al. Trends in the Prevalence of Developmental Disabilities in US Children 1997-2000. [18] Pediatrics May 23, 2011.

10 [19] Stoner Am, Anderson SE, Buckley JJ. Ambient Air Toxics and Asthma Prevalence among a Representative Sample of US Kindergarten-Age Children. PLOS One 2013; 8(9).

11 [20] Kounang N. ADHD diagnoses rise to 11% of kids. CNN Nov.22, 2013

12 [21] National Institute of Mental Health. Major Depression Among Adolescents (U.S.) [22]. 2013.

13 [23] Blumberg SJ, Bramlette MD, Kogan MD et al. Changes in [24]

Prevalence of Parent-reported Autism Spectrum Disorder in School- [24]

aged U.S. Children: 2007 to 2011-2013. Results [24]. National Health Statistics Reports 2013; 65: 1-11.

14 [25] American Diabetes Association. U.S. Diabetes Statistics: Under 20 Years of Age. American Diabetes Association Feb. 12, 2014.

15 [26] Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. National Health Expenditure Data, 2011 Highlights. [27]

Businesswire. The Global Vaccine Market Is Expected to Surpass Estimated $$100 Billion by 2025. Global Vaccine Market Pipeline Analysis June 27, 2014.

16 [28] Gu Q, Dillon CF, Burt VL. Prescription Drug Use Continues to Increase: US Prescription Drug Data for 2007-2008. [29]NCHS Data Brief September 2010; 42: 1-8. CDC Sept. 2, 2010.

17 [30] National Academy of An Aging Society. Chronic Conditions: A Challenge for the 21st Century [31]. November 1999.

18 [32] Zimm A. Chronic Illnesses on rise, study says: Children’s cases in U.S. quadruple [33]. Bloomberg News June 27, 2007.

19 [34] Harrison P. Mental Illness on the Rise in America’s Children [35]. Medscape May 16, 2013

20 [36] Gordon S. Who Will Care for Adults with Autism? [37] WebMD Aug. 23, 2013.

21 [38] CDC. Immunization and Pregnancy Chart [39]. March 2013.

22 [40] American Academy of Pediatrics Committee on Infectious Diseases. Recommended Childhood and Adolescent Immunization Schedule – United States 2015 [41]. Pediatrics 2015; 135(2): 396-397.

23 [42] CDC. Vaccine Excipient & Media Summary: Excipients Included in U.S. Vaccines, by Vaccine [43]. February 2015.

24 [44] Cummins R. Food Fight 2015: Taking Down the Degenerators [45]. Organic Consumers Association Sept. 3, 2015.

25 [46] FluorideAlert.org. Fluoride Action Network [47].

26 [48] ToxicTeeth.org. Mercury Free Dentistry [49].

27 [50] Kant G. Radical Increase in Kid’s Prescribed Ritalin [51]. WND Apr. 1, 2013.

28 [52] Fisher BL. Parents Deserve to Know More Than School Vaccination Rates [53]. NVIC Newsletter Sept. 8, 2015.

29 [54] Fiore K. Peanut allergies on the rise. [55] MedPage Today May 14, 2010.

30 [56] Fisher BL. Measles in Disneyland: Third MMR Shot and Vaccine Exemption Ban? [57] NVIC Newsletter Jan. 28, 2015.

31 [58] CDC. National, State and Selected Local Area Vaccination Coverage Among Children Aged 19-36 Months – United States, 2014. Aug. 28, 2015: 64(33): 889-896.

32 [59] CDC. Vaccination Coverage Among Children in Kindergarten – United States, 2014-15 School Year. Aug. 28, 2015: 64(33): 897-904.

33 [60] Organic Consumers Association. Statement from Ronnie Cummins, OCA, on Reintroduction of Federal Bill to Kill States’ Rights to GMO Labeling [61]. Mar. 24, 2015.

34 [62] Businesswire. The Global Vaccine Market Is Expected to Surpass Estimated $$100 Billion by 2025. Global Vaccine Market Pipeline Analysis June 27, 2014.

35 [63] Fisher BL Here Comes the 21st Century Cures Act: Say Goodbye to Vaccine Safety Science [64]. NVIC Newsletter July 21, 2015.

36 [65] Fisher BL. Public Perspective on Conducting Studies Evaluating Health Outcomes Among Vaccinated and Unvaccinated Children [66]. Institute of Medicine Meeting of Committee to Assess Studies of Health Outcomes Related to the Recommended Childhood Immunization Schedule. Feb. 9. 2012.

37 [67] Businesswire. National Vaccine Information Center Supports Three of Five Recommendations of New IOM Report on U.S. Childhood Immunization Safety and Calls for Transparency [68]. NVIC Press Release Jan. 16, 2013.

38 [69] Wendelboe AM, Annelies VR et al. Duration of Immunity Against Pertussis After Natural Infection or Vaccination. Pediatr Infect Dis J 2005; 24(5): S58-S61.

39 [70] Fisher BL. The Emerging Risks of Live Virus and Virus Vectored Vaccines: Vaccine Strain Infection, Shedding and Transmission. NVIC.org March 2014.

40 [71] National Vaccine Information Center. Merck’s Gardasil Vaccine Not Proven Safe for Little Girls: National Vaccine Information Center Criticizes FDA for Fast Tracking Licensure. NVIC Press Release June 27, 2006.

41 [72] Wrangham T. Adults Targeted as Federal Government Prepares to Track the Unvaccinated. NVIC Newsletter Mar. 18, 2015.

42 [73] Businesswire. National Vaccine Information Center Questions FDA Fast Tracking of Squalene Adjuvanted Vaccine [74]. NVIC Sept. 16, 2015.

43 [75] Fisher BL Here Comes the 21st Century Cures Act: Say Goodbye to Vaccine Safety Science [64]. NVIC Newsletter July 21, 2015.

44 [76] Fisher BL. Blackmail and the Medical Vaccine Exemption. NVIC Newsletter May 18, 2015.

45 [77] C-Span. Statement by Rep. Bill Posey [78] (at 1:02). U.S. House of Representatives. July 29, 2015. [See “CDC Scientist: We Scheduled Meeting to Destroy Vaccine Autism Study Documents.”] [79]

46 [80] NVIC.org. Cry for Vaccine Freedom Wall [6].

47 [81] Fisher BL. Vaccination During Pregnancy: Is It Safe? [82] NVIC Newsletter Nov. 9, 2013.

48 [83] Fisher BL. The Moral Right to Conscientious, Philosophical and Personal Belief Exemption to Vaccination. Presentation to National Vaccine Advisory Committee May 2, 1997.

49 [84] 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act.

50 [85] Holland MS, Krakow RJ. Brief of Amici Curiae National Vaccine Information Center, Its Co-Founders and 24 other organizations in support of petitioners. In: Bruesewitz v. Wyeth filed with Supreme Court of the United States June 1, 2010.

51 [86] NVIC. NVIC Cites “Betrayal” of Consumers by U.S. Supreme Court Giving Total Liability Shield to Big Pharma. NVIC Press Release Feb. 23, 2011.

52 [87] HRSA. Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Data & Statistics [88]. Oct. 1, 2015.

53 [89] U.S. Government Accounting Office. Vaccine Injury Compensation: Most Claims Took Multiple Years and Many Were Settled Through Negotiation [90]. Nov. 21, 2014.

54 [91] Fisher BL. The Vaccine Injury Compensation Program: A Failed Experiment in Tort Reform? Presented to Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines Nov. 18, 2008.

Read the full article here [1].

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [92]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99 [93]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32624,"Infowars [1]

Luke Rudkowski, founder of We Are Change [2] and contributor to RT’s Adam Vs. The Man, travels to Georgia where he finds farmers-in-hiding who break the law and risk a $$6000 fine for raising backyard chickens.

Reality has been turned on its head under the audacity of state power as the system rubber stamps little-studied genetically modified foods and factory-farm products created by Big Agra while criminalizing gardens, chickens, raw milk and more cultivated by individuals and simple families.

Give a cluck: Ask Umbra on secret backyard chickens

by Ask Umbra

Grist

Q. Dear Umbra,

Have you heard of the underground backyard chicken movement, and would you recommend it for people who want chickens, regardless of city ordinances?

Denine

Westminster (no state specified, maybe to protect innocent chickens)

A. Dearest Denine,

Don your feathered fedora, pull it low over your eyes, and let’s venture into the subterranean realm of secret backyard chicken coops. (Perhaps they will be the new speakeasies.)

First, anyone interested in the issue should peruse this immensely thorough and useful piece (see below) by Jill Richardson about getting your city to allow backyard chickens. She dispenses great advice about how to investigate your area’s laws [3], gather pro-chicken allies under your wing, and eventually approach your city council.

And yes, if at first you don’t succeed, Richardson says, “Civil disobedience might be the right way to move the issue forward in your city, as legalizing backyard chickens becomes much more pressing a question once several families have backyard flocks in violation of the law.” Agreed! We can’t all be Tim DeChristopher [4] (bless him!)—and taking a stance on backyard chickens may be your own brave form of peacefully challenging a law you see as unjust.

If you’re so inclined, there are message boards [5] devoted to the topic, and a man known only as Bob keeps a blog [6] on his secret chickens in Salt Lake City. Read and be inspired.

If you decide to join the underground chicken movement, Richardson advises you to be a model chicken-keeper by picking docile chickens (no roosters), quelling your neighbors’ fears, and maintaining a safe and clean coop. And make sure you’re OK with the consequences if you run afoul of the authorities. In Philly, where secret chickens are on the rise [7], “First-time offenders can expect a fine of $$150-$$300 if caught, but according to animal control the code is rarely enforced without a complaint coming in from a neighbor first.” Which is why the part about making nice with the folks next door is so important. In a comment on Richardson’s post, user ewerb says to simply go for it (especially since city officials are often overwhelmed—bigger birds to fry, if you will):

[D]on’t wait for permission from overwhelmed, understaffed petty bureaucrats who eat from vending machines to support common sense solutions to your home grown food goals. Join together with like-minded neighbors, figure how to do it, and then help others. Eventually our elected “leaders” will either get of the way or follow along with what is working.

Investigate your area’s laws [8] on backyard chickens. Apartment-dwellers, see if a home-owning friend is willing to go in on a couple of hens with you, if you swear to share the chores. Amen. Who knows, your town may already have a burgeoning chicken movement that is flying under your radar. As the Dayton Underground Chicken blog [9] says, “If enough of us band together, we can convince the city to create some policies and code to make having these backyard beauties more legal.” Find some others to join with you and go for it. A few households with illicit backyard chickens may be all your city or town needs to topple the status quo—especially if you serve up your civil disobedience with a side of mouth-wateringly orange-yolked eggies.

Disobediently,

Umbra

Yours is to wonder why, hers is to answer (or try). Send your green-living questions [10] to Umbra.

Full Article here: http://www.grist.org/sustainable-farming/2011-04-28-give-a-cluck-ask-umbra-on-secret-backyard-chickens [11]

How to get your city to allow backyard chickens

by Jill Richardson

Grist

Excerpts:

Around the country, chickens are gaining popularity as productive pets, and many cities (like Detroit, Iowa City, and Calgary) don’t allow them. More commonly, they allow chickens only on large properties, making the birds effectively illegal for most residents. Here’s what you can do if yours doesn’t give a flying cluck about poultry.

Don’t ask, don’t shell

Step one, of course, is to figure out whether it is legal. While there are many websites (such as Backyard Chickens [8] and Homegrown Evolution [12]) that list laws around the country, I have found them occasionally to be inaccurate, so I recommend you check your city’s municipal code for yourself. Your city’s code should be available online, either from a link on the city’s website or, if not, by searching on Google for “[your city name] and municipal code.” Once you’ve found the code, there are two different places to check.

First, see if there’s a section called “Animals” or something similar. Often cities choose to outlaw certain animals completely, such as ones that are nuisances (loud peacocks) or dangerous animals (venomous snakes), and those would be listed in this section. If you check here and find that chickens or roosters are not specifically outlawed, that’s good — but you have to keep reading.

Next, check the Zoning section. Typically, each zone will specify which animals are allowed in that zone. It’s this section that will likely tell you whether you can have chickens and, if so, how many. (If you’re having trouble navigating the legalese in your code, but the site offers a search function, search on terms like “chickens,” “poultry,” and “fowl.”)

If chickens aren’t legal in your city, ask around. You might find they’re tolerated by the city, so long as your neighbors don’t complain. If this is the case, check with your neighbors — promise them some eggs! — and just get a small flock (four to six) of illegal chickens.

Why cities should <3 chickens

Make sure to communicate clearly why chickens belong in the city. Here’s a few easy reasons:

Chickens are fun, friendly pets with educational value for children about where food like eggs comes from

They can provide food security for poor families

They lay healthier eggs [13] compared to store-bought eggs

compared to store-bought eggs They give gardeners high-quality fertilizer

They control flies and other pests, not add to them, and dispose of weeds and kitchen scraps that otherwise might end up in the landfill

Don’t fear the cheeper

Be prepared for people to raise concerns about allowing chickens into your city. Some of the most common concerns are: noise, smell, predators eating the chickens, and chickens turning up in local animal shelters. The first three issues are the easiest to answer:

Noise: If you don’t have roosters, chickens aren’t noisy. Hens cluck and peep softly all day long, and then go to bed at dusk and remain quiet all night.

Smell: A small flock of four or five chickens will poop about as much as an average dog, and their coop won’t smell if it is kept clean. This is where crafting a good chicken law comes into play. If the law only allows chickens in a “well-maintained coop,” then a chicken owner with a messy, filthy, smelly coop is out of compliance and can be cited under the law.

Predators: The sad fact is that chickens are food — not just for humans, but for foxes, coyotes, opossums, raccoons, hawks, and sometimes neighboring dogs. It should be the responsibility of the chicken owner to keep his or her chickens safe from predators — just like it is for cat owners, say — , and there is ample advice available on how to do so. Even though a careless owner may lose chickens to predators, I fail to see how this is a municipal problem, as it is not something that causes a nuisance to anyone except for the chicken owner.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.grist.org/article/food-2011-01-05-how-to-get-your-city-to-allow-backyard-chickens [14]

Raising Backyard Chickens Video:







[15] [15]

Purchase Organic Chickens raised on pasture and soy-free Cocofeed. [15]

[16]



Purchase Organic Soy-free Eggs High in Omega 3 fatty acids [16].",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
25021,"by PreventDisease.com [1]

Perhaps one of the biggest health myths propagated in western culture and certainly in the United States, is the correlation between elevated cholesterol and cardiovascular disease (CVD). Unfortunately, despite dozens of studies, cholesterol has not been shown to actually cause CVD. To the contrary, cholesterol is vital to our survival, and trying to artificially lower it can have detrimental effects, particularly as we age.

Cholesterol seems to be one of those things that strikes fear into the hearts of many, so to speak. We have become obsessed with eating foods low in cholesterol and fat. Ask almost anyone, and they can tell you their cholesterol levels.

What is certain is that the ‘little knowledge’ that the media often imparts means many folks assume cholesterol is simply a ‘bad’ thing. Alternately, a good number of us may have heard the terms ‘good’ cholesterol and ‘bad’ cholesterol bandied about without knowing much about what this really means. In fact it is a fairly safe bet that if you asked anyone on the street for his or her instinctive response, if asked about cholesterol, they would probably say that we simply need to ‘reduce it’.

The ‘noddy-science’ offered by marketing men to a generally scientifically-naive public has led many people to believe that we should replace certain food choices with specially developed products that can help ‘reduce cholesterol’. Naturally this comes at a price and requires those who can afford it to pay maybe four or five times what a ‘typical ordinary’ product might cost. But is this apparent ‘blanket need’ to strive towards lowering our cholesterol justified? And, indeed, is it healthy?

For anyone who has had the official diagnosis of ‘high cholesterol’ in their bloodstream, they may even have embarked upon a program of medicinal intervention. In fact it is quite likely that they may have joined the legions of long-term pill-poppers who are already lining the pockets of the profit-oriented pharmaceutical giants.

But let’s take a moment, now, to review some of the facts and fallacies about the much-maligned substance: cholesterol.

Cholesterol is needed to make hormones. Without it we would not produce estrogen, progesterone or testosterone. It is vital for the functioning of nerve synapses and provides the structural integrity for our cell membranes. Cholesterol is used by the skin to help prevent water evaporation and to make our skin waterproof. Vitamin D is synthesized from cholesterol. And bile, used for fat digestion, consists mostly of cholesterol. The liver produces about 90 percent of the cholesterol in our bodies; only 10 percent comes from diet. If we eat too much cholesterol, the liver decreases the output of cholesterol.

Cholesterol is a naturally occurring lipid. This means it is a type of fat or oil and it is in fact an essential component in creating and sustaining the membranes of the cells of all bodily tissues. So this alone means we need cholesterol to survive! Most of the cholesterol that is found in our bodies is actually naturally manufactured within our own cells. However there is also an additional contribution that we get from external ‘nutritional’ sources – the foods we consume. In a typical diet providing around 400mg of cholesterol per day from food sources, about half to two-thirds of this amount is actually absorbed through the process of digestion. The body will normally secrete about a gram (1000mg) of cholesterol per day into the bile via the ducts, and approximately three-fifths of this is then re-absorbed.

Where our tissues or organs are a particularly dense complex of cells, which have closely packed cell membranes, there will naturally be higher levels of cholesterol. The key organs that need, and contain, these higher amounts of cholesterol include the liver, the brain and the spinal cord – none of which would work well if we reduced cholesterol too much!

In effect cholesterol plays an essential role in the development and maintenance of healthy cell walls. It is also a critical factor in the synthesizing of steroid hormones, which are a key factor in our natural physical development.

Being a lipid, cholesterol is fat-soluble, but it is not soluble in blood. However it needs to be transported around the body to the places where it can be utilized. This is why, in order to be moved around, it must become ‘associated’ with certain lipoproteins which feature a water-soluble (therefore ‘blood transportable’) coat of proteins. There are two key types of lipoproteins that transport cholesterol around the body: low-density and high-density variants. The essential cellular function of cholesterol requires that sufficient amounts are manufactured by specialized sub-systems (or organelles) within the body’s cells called the endoplasmic reticulum. Alternatively, the cholesterol we need must be derived from our diet. During the process of ‘digestion and assimilation’ of foods, it is the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) that carries dietary cholesterol from the liver to various parts of the body.

When there is sufficient cholesterol for cellular needs, the other key transport mechanism in this amazing ‘logistics system’ – high-density lipoprotein (HDL) – can take cholesterol back to the liver from where any unnecessary excess can be processed for excretion.

The ‘noddy-science’ of the so-called ‘functional food’ manufacturers would have us believe that there is such a thing as ‘bad’ cholesterol and ‘good’ cholesterol. This is, in fact, totally untrue. The cholesterol itself, whether being transported by LDL [2] or HDL [3], is exactly the same. Cholesterol is simply a necessary ingredient that is required to be regularly delivered around the body for the efficient healthy development, maintenance and functioning of our cells. The difference is in the ‘transporters’ (the lipoproteins HDL and LDL) and both types are essential for the human body’s delivery logistics to work effectively.

Problems can occur, however, when the LDL particles are both small and their carrying capacity outweighs the transportation potential of available HDL. This can lead to more cholesterol being ‘delivered’ around the body with lower resources for returning excess capacity to the liver.

LDL can vary in its structure and occur in particles of varying size. It is the smaller LDL particle sizes that can easily become ‘trapped’ in the arteries by proteoglycans, which is, itself, a kind of ‘filler’ found between the cells in all animal and human bodies. This can then cause the cholesterol the LDL carries to contribute to the formation of fatty deposits called ‘plaques’ (a process known as atherogenesis). As these deposits build up, they restrict the arteries’ width and flexibility. This causes an increase in blood pressure and can also lead to other cardiovascular problems such as heart attacks or strokes.

The LDL itself is consequently sometimes referred to as ‘bad cholesterol’, but you can now appreciate the fact that this is simply incorrect. In fact LDL, HDL and cholesterol are all essential to our health. However, it seems that it has become common for humans to have a preponderance of ‘unhealthily’ small LDL particles, which can become a precursor to heart and arterial disease due to the mechanisms described. It is apparently healthier to have a smaller number of larger LDL particles carrying the same quantity of cholesterol than a large number of small LDL particles might transport, but for some reason this is less common. This is an interesting area that demands more research.

When LDL becomes retained by the glycol-proteins in the arteries it is subject to being oxidized by ‘free radicals’. This is when the process can become health threatening. It has therefore been suggested that increasing the amount of antioxidants in our diet might effectively ‘mop up’ free radicals, and consequently reduce this harmful oxidation. Although the idea of consuming foods rich in antioxidants, or even using supplements, is now widely promoted, the scientific evidence for their efficacy still remains to be fully established.

Another point to consider is the occurrence of substances called ‘very-low-density-lipids’ or VLDL, also known as triglycerides. VLDL is converted to LDL in the bloodstream and therefore contributes towards increased levels of LDL and to subsequent potential cholesterol-related health problems. This is why triglycerides are usually measured when a cholesterol test of your blood is undertaken.

The production of VLDL in the liver – which amounts to a combination of cholesterol and low-density apolipoprotein – is exacerbated by the intake of fructose. Fructose is the type of sugar found in many fruits, it is also a component of sucrose and of the widely used food ingredient high-fructose corn syrup. This implies that anyone whose LDL or triglyceride levels are unduly high should cut back on those sweet sugary snacks, and even on the sweeter, fructose laden fruits; not simply reduce their intake of fatty foods!

Vitamin B3, otherwise known as niacin, on the other hand, actually lowers the amount of VLDL, and therefore also LDL. In addition, niacin helps to stimulate the production of helpful HDL, the lipoprotein that carries excess cholesterol back to the liver for excretion. However, in keeping with the best traditions of consuming ‘all things in moderation’, currently recommended upper limits for daily intake of niacin is 35mg, given that it can have toxic effects in larger amounts. Even so, medical professionals have been known to prescribe niacin in doses as high as 2g, up to three times a day, for treatment of those with dangerously high blood cholesterol levels. Naturally you should never self-medicate with high doses of niacin without taking appropriate medical advice.

Niacin in the diet is typically derived from high protein foods including liver and other meats, as well as significant amounts being found in certain nuts and whole grains.

However one of the fashionable types of pharmaceutical drugs of recent times, introduced to treat the apparently increasing incidence of high cholesterol levels particularly in the West, are Statins. Most likely you have a friend or relative taking these useless drugs (Lipitor, Mevecor, Crestor, etc.) to lower cholesterol. Statin medications are the number-one-selling drugs in the world. They work by interfering with the liver function and reducing the production of LDL. But Statins are a questionable innovation on at least a couple of accounts. Firstly they are not without side-effects: they can, for example, lead to the breakdown of major muscular material, which can ultimately overwhelm the kidneys and even cause acute renal failure.

Statins also appear to reduce the body’s natural levels of the vitamin-like, cellular protection agent known as Co-enzyme Q10. This benzoquinone plays an important role in cellular energy release, particularly in hard worked areas like the lungs, liver and heart. CoQ10 (as it is sometimes called) has also been shown to protect the brain against neurological degeneration. But perhaps most interestingly, with respect to cholesterol, CoQ10 also acts as an antioxidant, particularly active in protecting the system against LDL oxidation and the potential problems associated with this as described above. So whilst Statins might provide a reduction in LDL per se, they might also be causing more problems in the long-term. Naturally, as with many modern drugs, they generally have to be taken for the long-term by anyone who has been prescribed them.

What is particularly disturbing about Statins is, perhaps, the fact that they may be seen as a ‘quick fix’ for unhealthily high LDL, and consequently cholesterol levels throughout the body. They need to be taken over a long period – which makes them very profitable for drugs manufacturers. But they may also be prescribed without the over-arching message that in order to address any cholesterol problem ‘naturally’, the sufferer must change their lifestyle and diet. Statins can seem an easy option but may indeed merely be the beginning of a process where the ‘negative health pay-off’ is simply delayed rather than actively defused! That is not to say that in extreme cases of high blood cholesterol, or hypercholesterolemia, there may not be a useful role for Statin therapy when natural strategies fail or do not prove effective, or feasible.

In truth, and in summary, cholesterol is an important and essential substance that we need for health at a cellular level. It is most likely that any imbalance in our cholesterol transport system comes down to long-term poor dietary and exercise habits. Ensuring that we consume some extra anti-oxidant foods, along with including niacin rich foods, might well be of benefit. But it is perhaps most important to recognize that deliberate and continued levels of activity and the consumption of a healthful diet is a better solution than questionable quick-fix drugs, if we ever are diagnosed with levels of cholesterol and triglycerides that might give cause for concern.

Dr. Ron Rosedale On The Facts About Cholesterol

Dr. Ron Rosedale talks about common cholesterol myths, and exposes the deceptions and misconceptions that most people have been told. (Interview with Dr. Mercola).

Read the Full Article Here: http://preventdisease.com/home/tips87.shtml [1]

Fat and Cholesterol are Good for You!

What REALLY Causes Heart Disease

by Uffe Ravnskov, MD, PhD

[4]

Free Shipping Available! [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32482,"Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor Comments

As Health Impact News has recently reported [1], there is a national push to remove vaccine exemptions for school-aged children, and new laws and regulations are being proposed all across the U.S. for mandatory vaccinations.

Some of the rhetoric surrounding this push to get vaccine products more distribution in a declining market due to more people waking up to the dangers of vaccines [2], has bordered on the absurd. Arthur Caplan of the NYU Langone Medical Center, who seems to enjoy the limelight the pro-pharmacy mainstream media willing shines on him, recently made outrageous statements stating that parents of vaccinated children should sue parents who choose not to vaccinate their children if their vaccinated children end up getting sick. However, more sane voices of reason, such as George Annas, the Department Chair of Health Law and Bioethics at Boston University and bioethics at Boston University, and Sara Rosenbaum, a Health Law and Policy professor at George Washington University, have recently stated [3] that such lawsuits are not ever likely to make their way into civil courts. (See: Why the Vaccine Debate Is Unlikely to Land in the Courtroom – ABC News [3].)

But what about public health policy? The “vaccines for everybody and force them if we have to” proponents like to quote a Supreme Court decision way back in 1905, Jacobson v. Massachusetts, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where a certain segment of the population (excluding small children) were required to take a smallpox vaccine or pay a $$5 fine, as a justification for mandating vaccinations against one’s will.

Much has changed since 1905, however. For one thing, WWII and the atrocities by the hands of medical doctors in Nazi Germany have occurred since then, and the Nuremberg tribunals and court trials which the United States played a prominent role used the Nuremberg Code. The Nuremberg Code disallowed experiments on human subjects without their full and informed consent.

Also, the status of vaccines and vaccine injuries in the U.S. legal system changed dramatically in 1986 with the passing of the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act. Congress gave legal immunity and protection to U.S. pharmaceutical companies who manufacture vaccines. Today, you can no longer sue the manufacturer of a vaccine if you are injured or if someone is killed by that product. You have to fight for compensation in a national Vaccine Court, which to date has paid out billions of dollars in damages, and yet probably only reflects a small percentage of the claims out there. (See: March 2015 Settlements in Vaccine Court: 117 Vaccine Injuries and Deaths [2].)

So what are the legal challenges to now legislating mandatory vaccinations to a population that no longer has the right to legal redress against the manufacturer of potentially faulty vaccine products that are known to maim and kill people [2]? Is it Constitutional to remove the right to informed consent, and the right to refuse such a product if it is administered by force?

I asked Mary Holland, a research scholar and professor at NYU School of Law to address that question.

Killing the Messenger: U.S. Vaccine Law and Policy

by Mary S. Holland

Health Impact News

Who likes bad news? Nobody, but most of us in our day-to-day lives can’t avoid it. Whether a family member has become ill or a friend has lost a job, we find out, and we have to deal with it.

Not so in U.S. vaccine law and policy. Vaccine injury denial or ‘killing the messenger’ is standard policy. Although touted as safe and effective, vaccines are legally actually “unavoidably unsafe,” like all prescription drugs. While the federal government acknowledges in theory that vaccines can cause injury and death, actual casualties have been neatly tucked under the rug, beyond the scrutiny of almost all courts, medicine and the media.

Law is not the only factor suppressing the truth of vaccine harm – money, media, medicine and politics have all played roles. But law is a central reason for what has gone wrong. Current attempts to strip away state vaccine exemption rights will only kill more messengers, both literally and figuratively.

Why are there Compulsory Vaccination Mandates if Vaccines are “Safe and Effective?”

Why do we have compulsory vaccination mandates in the first place? If vaccines are as safe and effective as we’re told, why aren’t market forces enough?

Refrigerators have certain risks, yet they are a boon to public health, and the overwhelming majority of people have them sans mandates. So too bathrooms and running water. So why are vaccines different? This is a question worth pondering when we think about the significance of opt out rights.

Herd Immunity: A Viable Theory to Justify Mandatory Vaccinations?

The standard comeback is that herd immunity requires as many subjects as possible to participate, and this is only possible with compulsion. The theory of herd immunity comes from naturally-acquired immunity, not vaccine-induced immunity, but it suggests that if the vast majority of people in a population are immune to a disease, then the disease cannot spread. Pro-vaccine advocates use the theory to justify universal vaccination mandates.

The problem with the theory is that it is indeed a theory, and there have been many, many disease outbreaks in highly-vaccinated populations, and even those with 100% uptake. When we see outbreaks like the recent measles case in Disneyland, there are likely other issues involved than simply those pesky unvaccinated children; there are likely problems with vaccine effectiveness, changing viral strains, or simply the reality that vaccines don’t work to achieve immunity in every person.

A Very Limited Legal History of Mandated Vaccines in the U.S.

But taking a step back, mandates started in the U.S. with smallpox epidemics. Smallpox was a deadly, airborne disease. States had different policies on whether it was lawful to compel people to take vaccines to prevent the disease and stop its spread. The smallpox vaccine then as now had a mixed reputation, with many questions about its safety and efficacy.

In 1905, the Supreme Court ultimately ruled that it was within a state’s police powers to compel vaccinations in the context of an infectious disease epidemic. Jacobson v. Massachusetts, now more than one hundred years old, is the bedrock of today’s vaccine laws, although a great deal in the world has changed since then. Cambridge, Massachusetts required that all citizens (but notably not all children because they were considered too vulnerable) take a smallpox vaccine or pay a $$5 fine.

Reverend Jacobson objected, as did many others, on the grounds that requiring him to take the injection violated his rights to due process and equal protection under the Constitution. The Supreme Court decided that a duly elected legislature could impose a vaccination mandate, so long as it was necessary, applied to all equally and avoided undue harm.

Thus, Jacobson provides the basis for medical exemptions from vaccine mandates in all 50 states. But the decision did not create religious or philosophical exemptions. Forty-eight states created religious exemptions later in the 19th century, and 19 adopted philosophical ones. In 1922, in Zucht v. King, the Supreme Court upheld a vaccination mandate exclusively for children to be able to attend school, again in the context of smallpox.

Both these decisions are a far cry from today’s recommended childhood vaccine schedule of 70 doses of 16 vaccines by the time a child reaches age 18. Neither of them on their face justify today’s reality. The landmark Jacobson decision requires that there be “an emergency,” “imminent harm,” and a disease that “imperil[s] an entire population.” The Supreme Court even warned that mandates could be so arbitrary and unreasonable that they would force courts to intervene.

1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act: Free Pass for Pharmaceutical Companies

Congress greatly exacerbated the problem of no feedback loop when it passed the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act. It passed this Act after the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) had already started recommending routine vaccines for children. At that time, the CDC was recommending that all children receive the measles, mumps, rubella, polio, diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis vaccines for school admission.

The mass vaccination campaigns caused severe injuries and death to some and led to expensive tort litigation against vaccine manufacturers and doctors. Companies and doctors complained, and manufacturers threatened to leave the marketplace. Congress capitulated, granting almost blanket liability protection to vaccine makers and healthcare professionals who administer vaccines.

I can think of no other product that the government both mandates and indemnifies.

Are Vaccines Safer Today Now that Pharmaceutical Companies Cannot be Sued?

In exchange for its liability-altering statute, Congress created a National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program [2] and committed to make vaccines safer. Neither of these other goals has worked out as Congress intended. The government and industry spend very little money on vaccine safety research. In addition, industry and government have led multi-year campaigns to tarnish and silence messengers with bad news on vaccine safety. Such public vilification serves as a strong deterrent to other would-be vaccine safety researchers.

Under the 1986 Act, victims of injury may not sue a manufacturer or doctor in any court; they must first file in the NVICP within three years. On the upside, one’s lawyer’s fees are paid by the government in the NVICP. On the downside, most people miss the three-year filing deadline because they don’t know the NVICP exists. Ordinary rules of civil procedure and discovery do not apply. There are no juries of one’s peers. And the government has winnowed down the number of litigators willing to work in the forum by contesting their government-paid fees.

Although Congress intended the NVICP to be speedy, non-adversarial and work on the basis of presumed injuries, it is now generally slow, highly contentious, forces 90% of claimants to prove injury and still rejects most claims. Furthermore, while the compensation program decisions themselves make clear that autism, among other maladies, is a vaccine injury, the government refuses to acknowledge this reality.

Closing the feedback loop on bad news a bit further, the Supreme Court in 2011 in Bruesewitz v. Wyeth ruled that no courts may hear claims for defective vaccine designs, unlike for other products. Neither the NVICP nor ordinary courts have the jurisdiction to decide if a vaccine on the market is unreasonably unsafe; only federal regulatory bodies can now second-guess themselves and take vaccines off the market that they put there in the first place. You will not be surprised to know that this has never happened.

Mandated Vaccines Have Increased under Pharmaceutical Legal Protection

So the legal reality today is this: Depending on what state you live in, your state is probably mandating from 30-50 childhood vaccines, some against non-contagious, non-circulating or sexually transmitted diseases.

If your child suffers an adverse reaction after a vaccine, like seizures, paralysis or even death, you may not go to an ordinary court to sue the manufacturer for a defective product or the doctor for malpractice. You must go first to the NVICP and there, almost certainly, try to prove that your child’s injury was due to the vaccine and was not coincidental. Thereafter, you will likely decide that it’s not worth the candle to proceed in civil court because you will have found that proving injury is virtually impossible given the vast numbers of unanswered questions in vaccine safety science.

Informed Consent – Global Standard for Ethical Medicine

So what of informed consent, you say? Isn’t it true that prior, free and informed consent is the global standard for ethical medicine?

Yes, it is.

The legal framework for informed consent has been the norm since the 1920s in the United States and gained ground quickly after World War II when the Nuremberg Code disallowed experiments on human subjects without their full and informed consent. Since then, many international agreements and declarations have broadened human rights protections for informed consent in medical treatment as well as medical experimentation.

If you go for a surgery, you will spend at least an hour filling out informed consent forms. But not so for vaccination, because of Jacobson v. Massachusetts and the 1986 Act. Indeed, you will not be asked to sign anything, and you may or may not even be given a skimpy two-paged Vaccine Information Sheet as the 1986 Act requires.

Vaccine law and policy, given the known safety and efficacy risks, are grossly out of step with informed consent law and practice.

2015 Mickey Mouse Antics: Attacks on Religious and Philosophical Exemptions

To date, the saving grace for those who choose not to vaccinate has been the existence of religious and philosophical exemptions. But in the aftermath of the so-called measles epidemic affecting less than 200 people out of a population of 320 million with no deaths, legislators with industry backing are attacking non-medical exemptions in dozens of states. The National Vaccine Information Center’s Advocacy Portal tracks bills on vaccination; this is the best source of information on what’s happening about exemptions at the state level.

Based on Jacobson alone, the constitution protects only medical exemptions, but that understanding may be outmoded. More recent Supreme Court precedents about other medical procedures, including abortion, euthanasia, sterilization, and forced psychiatric medication, acknowledge that bodily integrity is a fundamental right and that courts must review state interventions with heightened scrutiny.

Furthermore, modern informed consent norms do require that people have the right to refuse vaccination. This is the norm in most countries similar to our own, including the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and Japan, to name a few. Those countries achieve comparable levels of vaccine uptake as the U.S. but without the same level of coercion. Those countries also have at least as good, if not better, states of public health.

Conclusion: U.S. Vaccine Policy has had Tragic Consequences

The lack of feedback about vaccine injury and lack of accountability for vaccine manufacturers and medical practitioners have had tragic consequences. Precisely how many children have suffered is almost impossible to tell, given the lack of information about injury, medical ignorance and institutional denial. But telling, related statistics include that the U.S. is 34th in the world in infant mortality and that 1 in 2 U.S. children suffers from some chronic condition, be it autism, ADHD, asthma, allergies, or learning disability.

The world was not like this thirty years ago before Congress adopted the 1986 Act. While non-medical exemptions are no panacea, their preservation allows us a semblance of consent in this country. Without them, we will have an unprecedented kind of medical coercion with likely tragic consequences.

It’s time to stop killing the messenger.

Mary Holland is a Research Scholar and teaches at NYU School of Law. She has authored several articles on vaccine law and policy and is a co-editor of the book Vaccine Epidemic: How Corporate Greed, Biased Science and Coercive Government Threaten Our Human Rights, Our Health and Our Children (Skyhorse Publishers).

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com [5]

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

[6]

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info [6]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24057,"by Lois Rain

health freedom alliance

On Thursday, Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas), Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.) and others introduced the first ever bill in Congress to end federal marijuana prohibition. It is not a bill to legalize per se, but to end the federal ban on marijuana and let the states decide whether to legalize or not.

“The legislation […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24767,"Taking Questions from the Media

by Kimberly Hartke, Publicist, Weston A. Price Foundation

Yesterday, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the United States Department of Agriculture finally announced the 2010 dietary guidelines. The official “food policy” of our nation doesn’t just guide our food choices, but dictates what ingredients go into manufactured food. It also determines what food is available through grocery stores and institutions, both public and private.

As I drove up to the event, I was delighted to see a small group of protesters, a couple sporting cow costumes. They were protesting the USDA’s recent approval of genetically modified alfalfa, and the pending decision to “unleash” genetically engineered salmon on the unsuspecting public.

It is so ironic that the same agency that lectures Americans on what to eat, ostensibly for the sake of our health, is the one approving all of these dangerous gene manipulated foods.

Food & Water Watch Protesters Draw Attention to GMO Dangers

I have worked on the dietary guidelines on behalf of the Weston A. Price Foundation for the past year. Here is a link to multiple testimonies given at the public hearing last summer protesting the further restriction of meat, cholesterol, salt and animal fat.

In spite of the numerous scientists who have raised concerns about these strictures, the Agriculture Secretary said yesterday, that the science underpinning these guidelines is indisputable. What he doesn’t know is that plenty of science has been ignored or misinterpreted in the process. And it haskicked off a big dispute. The announcement of these guidelines in the year 2011 instead of 2010 was in part due to the thousands of public comments that the agency had to wade through in order to shape the final guidelines.

Dissenting scientists have made attempts at opening up dialog, by publishing papers, holding a saturated fat symposium, even having face to face meetings with officials.

The one victory for traditional diets that I determined yesterday, is that none of the materials given out, and none of the speeches used the term “plant-based diet.” Thankfully, this loaded rhetoric popped during the trial balloon period.

After the presentation of the guidelines, there was a question and answer period.

When asked by Peter Farnham, the representative of Nutrition and Metabolism Society about why the health benefits of low-carb diets were not included, Dr. Robert Post, Deputy Director of the Center of Nutrition Policy and Promotion at the USDA, acknowledged that many comments came in about this, but there is “no scientific evidence” to support it.

This, I am sure is news to all the low carb researchers around the country, whose funding is now at risk because of the government’s blind eye to their progress.

After the press conference, I spoke with Dr. Richard Feinman, a cell biologist and professor at SUNY Downstate Medical Center. He told me that studies show that carb restricted diets do work, often better than low fat diets. He went on to say that numerous large studies of low fat diets failed to show any benefit.

Of interest to raw milk proponents, the Executive Summary of the new guidelines explicitly proscribes raw milk and raw milk cheese. It states:

“In addition, some foods (such as milks, cheeses, and juices that have not been pasteurized, and undercooked animal foods) pose high risk for foodborne illness and should be avoided.”

Is it any wonder that old fashioned dairy farms and artisan cheesemakers have a tough time making it in this political food climate? With instructions like this, a health inspector is likely to assume guilty until proven innocent.

One reporter from Politico admitted she was confused over why officials demonize meat in such a round about way, by warning against solid fat. She just didn’t understand why the guidelines don’t come right out and say, “don’t eat meat or stay away from hamburger.”

The answer from the stage? “We just tell you to eat fish two or three times a week. It’s another way of saying it.”

Kimberly Hartke is the publicist for Weston A. Price Foundation, a nutrition education non-profit based in Washington, DC.

Weston A. Price Foundation in response to the USDA guidelines is holding a press conference on February 14th to announce our alternative guidelines, Healthy 4 Life, see more details:

Nutrition Foundation Releases Alternative Dietary Guidelines

Here is the paper published by concerned scientists about the ignored and misapplied science used for the guidelines:

In the face of contradictory evidence: Report of the Dietary Guidelines for Americans Committee

Here is a link to the USDA materials released yesterday:

www.dietaryguidelines.gov

Read the Full Article Here: http://hartkeisonline.com/food-politics/usda-dietary-guidelines-press-conference/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
35720,"Data suggests that 6% of the U.S. population is harboring a retrovirus in their bodies that can develop into an acquired immune deficiency. This is not the well-known AIDS caused by HIV, but Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) associated with other retroviruses. These non-HIV retroviruses were unintentionally introduced into humans over the past 75 years. The information that I am sharing in this article came mostly from an interview I did with Judy A. Mikovits, Ph.D. and from the book, Plague: One Scientist’s Intrepid Search for the Truth about Human Retroviruses and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS), autism, and Other Diseases, written by Kent Heckenlively, JD, and Dr. Mikovits. Dr. Mikovits is not just one of the leading scientists in the area of retrovirus related illness, she stands at the center of a scientific controversy and political battle that has ended her career as a government-funded research scientist. She spoke the truth about the fraudulent use of government research money, the marketing of inaccurate retrovirus tests, Medicare fraud, the contaminated blood supply, and the harm that is associated with vaccines and their schedule of administration. Her research showed how retroviruses are linked to the plague of modern illnesses that are bankrupting the U.S. healthcare system. The result of her unwavering determination to stick to the truth of her research and to stand up against those who want to keep the truth hidden, resulted in her being taken to criminal court and civil court. She was gagged for four years by fabricated criminal charges in Nevada, and could not speak openly about retrovirus science or the government cover-up without risking further persecution/prosecution. My article will explain the history of retrovirus contamination and the government cover-up. It will provide an introduction to effective treatments for those who suffer with the illnesses mentioned in this article. It attempts to do what our government didn’t have the political courage to do.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21960,"The official report from the CDC and pharmaceutical companies is that HPV vaccines prevent cervical cancer. Various studies have been produced in the past couple of years to give credence to this belief, allegedly showing that HPV cancer rates are decreasing since the vaccine was introduced. However, a new study just published shows that the data used by the government to determine HPV cancer deaths was inaccurate because of faulty data. It included women who had hysterectomies, and therefore had ZERO risk of developing cervical cancer. One of the facts uncovered by this study was that the actual death rate for black women was nearly double than what was reported: ""For black women, the corrected mortality rate was 10.1 per 100,000 (95% confidence interval [CI], 9.6-10.6), whereas the uncorrected rate was 5.7 per 100,000 (95% CI, 5.5-6.0)."" The HPV vaccine only vaccinates for a very small number of known HPV strains, and as we have reported previously here at Health Impact News, these strains are the WRONG strains for African American women. Given the fact that thousands of young women have been harmed by the HPV vaccine, and some have even died, one must ask why any African American woman would ever want to receive an HPV vaccine? An even more important question to ask is why are government health officials and doctors continuing to recommend this vaccine to black women, and what can be done to stop this criminal practice, given the fact that U.S. law protects the manufacturer from being sued in court over injuries and deaths due to vaccines?",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23752,"By Jeffry John Aufderheide

Vactruth.com

Sometimes gems are difficult to come by. However, when we find them, just clean them up a bit and we can appreciate their ‘real value’. The little treasure I discovered was a document located on Merck Pharmaceutical’s website. It disclosed how much Merck paid doctors as speaking fees in the third and fourth quarter of 2009 alone.

The 72-page document is titled, “Merck & Co., Inc., Disclosure of Payments to U.S. Speakers for Promotional (non-CME) Medical Education Activities conducted in 3Q and 4Q 2009.” And, according to my calculations the sum was a hefty $$18,810,495.52. [1]

Keep in mind that, that amount is just for speaking fees!

You may be wondering why this information was made available.

Merck said it was because of transparency. According to one article, “[Merck] has started disclosing payments to U.S.-based medical and scientific professionals who speak on behalf of our company or our products.” [2]

It’s a good start, but apparently the reports were going to be available annually thereafter (July 1, 2009). Well, where are they? It is now 2012.

Document Shows Heavy Vaccine Promotion

Have you ever wondered why some doctors may be so rabidly in favor of promoting vaccines? Or, haven’t you considered that aspect? Well, here’s the answer: Pharmaceutical companies pay doctors to talk about the ‘problem.’

Not only is it subtle, it’s legal and has financial rewards.

For example, Merck was pushing two new vaccines: Gardasil and Rotateq. After filtering the results in the PDF file for the terms, “HPV, Vaccine, and Rotavirus” the total amount paid came to $$2,313,942.81.

Let’s do something mathematically radical. Since Merck reported numbers for only half the year, I’m going double the amount they paid to see what a year’s worth could possibly be.

This would mean Merck spent roughly $$4,627,885.62 to encourage doctors to promote their solutions/products, which definitely include vaccines. After reading this, aren’t you sick to your stomach thinking about the ‘Ask Your Doctor’ commercials? I know I am.

But what does this all mean?

‘Rotten to the Core’

Think about this, parents. Who do you trust for reliable information? Maybe a better question would be, “Can you trust pharmaceutical companies?”

Outside of the money being doled out to doctors, consider other ways Big Pharma uses its money. Here are some other examples:

Julie Gerberding, former head of the Centers for Disease Control, paved the way for eventual approval for Merck’s Gardasil vaccine, guaranteeing billions in profits for her future employer. After her tenure at the CDC, she became President of the Vaccine Division at Merck Pharmaceuticals. [3]

Dr. Paul Offit [4] is often seen in the media promoting vaccines as being safe. As a matter of fact, he states children can safely get up to 10,000 of them. [5][6] What isn’t often discussed is the royalties he made from vaccine sales.

Dr. Andrew Wakefield identified the measles virus from the MMR vaccine in the intestines of autistic children. For his reward, this heroic doctor was stricken from the medical registry. Furthermore, his professional reputation was targeted to be destroyed. One website details how Merck deals with doctors who threaten vaccine profits. They say, “Court evidence now available on-line at the University of California library shows drug giant Merck systematically targetted [sic] “hit-lists” of doctors to discredit, neutralise or destroy critics of the safety and effectiveness of Merck’s drugs… One memo stated: ’we may need to seek them out and destroy them where they live….’” [7]

Summary

Parents want healthy children and straight answers from their pediatricians, the CDC and FDA. Do you think your doctor really believes what he or she is telling you, regarding vaccines? Or, were they paid to believe it? As it stands now, most doctors will deny vaccines have any contributory role in autism or can cause harm.

At the very least, this little document shines sunlight on what many parents of vaccine injured children have been saying all the while: Maybe it’s the cost of keeping the herd quiet.

“Diet, injections, and injunctions will combine, from a very early age, to produce the sort of character and the sort of beliefs that the authorities consider desirable, and any serious criticism of the powers that be will become psychologically impossible. . . .” -Bertrand Russell,1953

Sources:

[1] Merck & Co., Inc., Disclosure of Payments to U.S. Speakers for Promotional (non-CME) Medical Education Activities conducted in 3Q and 4Q 2009. http://www.merck.com/corporate-responsibility/docs/business-ethics-transparency/3Q09-Transparency-Report.pdf (Accessed 01/07/2012)

[2] Merck Statement on U.S. Speaker Fees. http://www.fiercebiotech.com/press-releases/merck-statement-u-s-speaker-fees (Accessed 01/07/2012)

[3] Julie Gerberding. http://vactruth.com/2010/01/04/julie-gerberding-primed-big-pharmas-pump-with-flu-and-hpv-vaccines/

[4] Paul Offit. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Offit (Accessed 01/07/2012)

[5]Paul Offit says children can get 10,000 vaccines. http://www.ageofautism.com/2010/05/paul-offits-10000-vaccines-and-the-milgram-experiment.html (Accessed 01/07/2012)

[6] http://www.whale.to/vaccines/offit23.html (Accessed 01/07/2012)

[7] Memo from Merck discussing how to destroy doctors. http://childhealthsafety.wordpress.com/2009/10/12/merckdestroydoccritics/ (Accessed 01/07/2012)",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33169,"Planned Parenthood Exposed for “Crimes Against Humanity” in Undercover Video



by Lynelle Frazier

Health Impact News

After a 3-Year Investigative Journalism Study of Planned Parenthood, The Center for Medical Progress [1]released its videotaped exposé filmed on July 25, 2014. The video shows two actors posing as employees of a human biologics company discussing with Dr. Deborah Nucatola, Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s Senior Director of Medical Services, how Planned Parenthood sells the body parts of aborted fetuses, using partial-birth abortions to supply intact body parts.

Here is the video which has quickly gone viral on YouTube:

Planned Parenthood denies [2] that they are selling fetal body parts, and claims that the money discussed is related to transportation costs and that “a well-funded group established for the purpose of damaging Planned Parenthood’s mission and services has promoted a heavily edited, secretly recorded videotape that falsely portrays Planned Parenthood’s participation in tissue donation programs that support lifesaving scientific research.”

LifeNews [3]reports that after only 1.5 hours after the video went live, Dr. Deborah Nucatola “deleted her Twitter account to avoid criticism and investigation.”

Since the edited version of the video [4] (8 minutes, 51 seconds) has been criticized by Planned Parenthood as being “heavily edited” to “damage their mission and services,” the Center for Medical Progress provided the FULL unedited 2 hour and 42 minute video to “expose every detail of Planned Parenthood’s mission and services”:

FULL FOOTAGE VIDEO: Planned Parenthood Uses Partial-Birth Abortions to Sell Baby Parts

You can also read the Full Transcript here. [5]

Ethics and Legality of Planned Parenthood’s “Services” Being Questioned

While eating lunch and sipping wine, abortionist Dr. Deborah Nucatola nonchalantly discussed procedures that have many people concerned about the ethics and legality of these “services” being provided by Planned Parenthood. The conversation below, describing the use of ultrasound guidance to change the presentation of the fetus from vertex (head first) to breech (feet first) before intact extraction so as not to crush the fetal part they need, is descriptive of illegal partial-birth abortion procedure according to 18 U.S.C. 1531. [6]

While discussing details of pre-ordering specific fetal parts, the undercover buyers ask, “How much of a difference can that actually make, if you know kind of what’s expected, or what we need?”

“It makes a huge difference,” Nucatola replies. “I’d say a lot of people want liver. And for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they’ll know where they’re putting their forceps. The kind of rate-limiting step of the procedure is calvarium. Calvarium—the head—is basically the biggest part.” Nucatola explains: “We’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all intact.” “And with the calvarium, in general, some people will actually try to change the presentation so that it’s not vertex,” she continues. “So if you do it starting from the breech presentation, there’s dilation that happens as the case goes on, and often, the last step, you can evacuate an intact calvarium at the end.”

To justify the methods employed by Planned Parenthood to get around the federal ban on partial birth abortion, Nucatola says the laws are up to interpretation:

“The Federal [Partial Birth] Abortion Ban is a law, and laws are up to interpretation. So, if I say on day one, I do not intend to do this, what ultimately happens doesn’t matter.”

Nucatola discussed how she plans her day according to specific orders, and how these orders can change the way the abortions are done:

“For example, so I had 8 cases yesterday. And I knew exactly what we needed, and I kinda looked at the list and said okay, this 17-weeker has 8 lams, and this one — so I knew which were the cases that were more probably likely to yield what we needed, and I made my decisions according to that, too, so it’s worth having a huddle at the beginning of the day and that’s what I do.”

Selling and buying fetal body parts is against federal law, a federal felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $$500,000 according to 42 U.S.C. 289g-2, [7] but this seems equally up to interpretation as long as the fee charged is justifiable when anyone asks, according to Nucatola. When asked about pricing for fetal body parts, she answered:

“You know, I would throw a number out, and I would say it’s probably anywhere from $$30 to $$100 [per specimen] depending on the facility and what’s involved.” She continued, “It’s really just about if anyone were ever to ask them, ‘What do you do for this $$60? How can you justify that? Or are you basically just doing something completely egregious, that you should be doing for free.’ So it just needs to be justifiable.”

Nucatola further explains how that in order to limit liability to Planned Parenthood, their litigation and law department doesn’t want to be the middle people for this issue right now. She explains:

“Unless the composition of the Supreme Court changes anytime soon, we don’t want to be raising eyebrows. But I will tell you that behind closed doors, these conversations are happening with affiliates.”

Planned Parenthood’s “Services” Historically Rooted to Eugenics

As Mainstream Media downplays the horrific video, and Planned Parenthood cries that they have been misrepresented, Briebert [8]re-published the recorded historical motivation of Planned Parenthood’s “services.”

As the article explains [8], “Planned Parenthood’s founder, Margaret Sanger, was a pro-Nazi racist, whose ‘motives had nothing to do with liberating women or women’s rights, she was a eugenicist — someone who believed that through abortion, birth control, and forced sterilization [9] society could “assist the [human] race in the elimination of the unfit.’“ [10]

In her essay “Birth Control and Racial Betterment [10],” Sanger expounds:

“We who advocate Birth Control lay all our emphasis upon stopping not only the reproduction of the unfit but upon stopping all reproduction when there is not economic means of providing proper care for those who are born in health.”

According to Sanger’s article “Human Conservation And Birth Control [11],” the “unfit” included those suffering from, “congenital feeble-mindedness; schizophrenia, circular insanity; heredity epilepsy; hereditary chorea (Huntington’s)’ hereditary blindness or deafness; grave hereditary bodily deformity and chronic alcoholism.”

And she further stated:

“Surely everyone will agree that the children of parents so afflicted are no contribution to the nation for even if they do not inherit these defects they are children of parents so handicapped that life will give them little, owing to their necessarily bad environment.”

Sanger expresses her disdain of black people in her essay titled “What Every Girl Should Know” [12]:

“It is said that the aboriginal Australian, the lowest known species of the human family, just a step higher than the chimpanzee in brain development, has so little sexual control that police authority alone prevents him from obtaining sexual satisfaction on the streets. According to one writer, the rapist has just enough brain development to raise him above the animal, but like the animal, when in heat knows no law except nature which impels him to procreate whatever the result. Every normal man and Woman has the power to control and direct his sexual impulse. Men and women who have it in control and constantly use their brain cells in thinking deeply, are never sensual.”

Briebert’s article concludes:

Sanger’s and Planned Parenthood’s racist history is not a secret, for obvious political reasons, it is just not widely reported by the same media that obsesses over a flag. The Confederate Flag is down. The taxpayer-funded Planned Parenthood still stands, primarily in black neighborhoods [13] — just as its racist founder planned so many years ago.

Read the full article at Briebart.com [8].

Public Tax Funds Supporting Planned Parenthood Criticized

David Daleiden, who led the undercover project, calls for politicians to stop using tax-payer money for the “barbaric abortion business.” He says:

“Planned Parenthood’s criminal conspiracy to make money off of aborted baby parts reaches to the very highest levels of their organization. Elected officials must listen to the public outcry for Planned Parenthood to be held accountable to the law and for our tax dollars to stop underwriting this barbaric abortion business.”

In an online petition, [14] he urges citizens to voice their concerns:

“Trafficking in aborted baby parts is a national problem that crosses state and national lines and implicates multiple organizational layers of Planned Parenthood, the National Abortion Federation, and numerous middleman companies. Sign our petition and ask your representative for Congress to investigate the black market in aborted baby parts.”

In response to the disturbing investigative video, Live Action President Lila Rose [15], who has been actively investigating unlawful practices of Planned Parenthood for years, states:

“This investigation by the Center for Medical Progress reveals the unimaginable horror that is Planned Parenthood. The exploitation of human life, the cover-up, and the black market profiteering by America’s largest abortion chain is not only egregious and heartbreaking, but exposes how the abortion giant is corrupt to the core — from the CEO, Cecile Richards, down to the local clinic. As Live Action has investigated through the years, Planned Parenthood’s barbaric practices reveal their contempt for rule of law and human life. This latest expose of Planned Parenthood’s trafficking of baby parts for profit should be the final nail in the coffin for the abortion giant. Congress must take immediate action to stop all taxpayer funding of Planned Parenthood and end the bankrolling of this horrific human rights abuser.”

Some Presidential Candidates Voice Outrage and Demand the Defunding of Planned Parenthood

As Live Action News [16] reports, Presidential Candidates have already begun responding to this shocking news.

After viewing the video, Governor Jindal made an announcement [17] on his official page:

“A Planned Parenthood official discussing the systematic harvesting and trafficking of human body parts is shocking and gruesome. This same organization is seeking to open an abortion clinic in New Orleans. I have instructed Louisiana’s Department of Health and Hospitals to conduct an immediate investigation into this alleged evil and illegal activity and to not issue any licenses until this investigation is complete. I am also asking the FBI to assist DHH in investigating this alleged criminal activity by this organization.”

Texas Senator and Presidential Candidate, Ted Cruz, released a statement [18] calling for Congress to investigate and defund Planned Parenthood regarding recent reports about selling body parts of aborted babies:

“Today’s news regarding allegations that Planned Parenthood is possibly selling the body parts of the babies it has aborted is sickening. There is no place for taxpayer funding of organizations that profit from taking away innocent life, much less profiting off the bodies of the lives they have stolen. Congress should immediately begin an investigation of Planned Parenthood’s activities regarding the sale and transfer of aborted body parts, including who is obtaining them and what they are being used for. And it should renew efforts to fully defund Planned Parenthood to ensure that its morally bankrupt business receives not one penny of taxpayer money. I proudly stand on the side of life and remain committed to fighting for all innocent life to be valued and protected under the laws of this nation.”

Presidential Candidate and former Texas Governor Rick Perry, said in his statement [19]:

“The video showing a Planned Parenthood employee selling the body parts of aborted children is a disturbing reminder of the organization’s penchant for profiting off the tragedy of a destroyed human life. It is because of stories like this that I signed legislation defunding Planned Parenthood in the state of Texas – to protect human life and the health and safety of Texans.”

Presidential Candidate Ben Carson is also calling for Congress to stop funding Planned Parenthood with an online petition: [20]

“I, like many of you, was sickened when I saw the video of Dr. Deborah Nucatola of Planned Parenthood secretly videotaped discussing selling aborted baby parts. I was more than sickened, I was enraged. Congress must act NOW! Please sign my petition to Congress demanding that they stop all public funds to Planned Parenthood. I spent my whole life caring for children. What I see in this video is barbaric. Congress must ACT!”

Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee also Tweeted [21] his condemnation, calling it “Grotesque,” and also called for defunding of Planned Parenthood. [22]

And pro-life Sen. Rick Santorum Tweeted [23]his support to defund Planned Parenthood:

“Always have been and always will be in favor of defunding @PPact & their destruction and now exploitation of human life.”

Kentucky Senator and Presidential Candidate Rand Paul joins the rally to defund [24] Planned Parenthood and calls supporters to do the same. After the release of an investigative video that has gone viral [25] he stated [26]:

“Despite their best efforts, I doubt our national media will succeed in covering this story up. But I’m afraid that’s not enough. It’s time for the American people to demand Congress take action. If you agree, I hope you’ll sign your “Stand for Life: Defund Planned Parenthood” Petition immediately! [27] Congress holds the power of the purse. So this is one measure Congress can take now — even with President Obama in the White House. And it’s up to you and me to ensure my colleagues in Congress take action, and set the stage for a pro-life President to sign even more pro-life legislation into law once elected. No one else will do it for us. After all, where is the media now? Where’s the storm over this video that shows this Planned Parenthood executive bragging about performing banned partial-birth abortions and selling babies’ body parts for profit?”

While many other Presidential Candidates are calling for the defunding of Planned Parenthood, Hillary Clinton appears to remain silent on the recent news.

The Federalist [28] reminds us of Hillary Clinton’s strong ties to the eugenics’ organization of Planned Parenthood. Hillary Clinton “scored a perfect 100 percent on all of Planned Parenthood’s congressional scorecards,” and was welcomed “with open arms [29]” when she announced her 2016 Candidacy.

In their article titled Watch Hillary Praise Planned Parenthood’s Eugenicist Founder Margaret Sanger, you can watch her praise Planned Parenthood in 2009 when she received the Margaret Sanger Award in this video [30]:

To learn more about the Eugenics agenda, population control, mandatory vaccines, and more, see:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21940,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Spain now joins a growing list of countries where criminal lawsuits have been filed against manufacturers of the HPV vaccine, which includes France, India, Japan, and many more.

In the United States, however, you cannot sue the manufacturers of vaccines, as they are protected from civil criminal prosecution. As a result, marketing efforts to increase the sale and distribution of the HPV vaccine are increasing. (See: Merck aims to boost HPV vaccination rates amid lagging numbers)

Gardasil: Criminal complaint filed in Spain

By Norma Erickson

SaneVax, Inc.

June 19 2014, Logroño, Spain: Attorney Don Manuel Sáez Ochoa filed a criminal complaint against Merck-Sanofi Pasteur Laboratories, Spanish National Health authorities, and the regional health authorities of the La Rioja province on behalf of Zuriñe Jiménez Guereño and her mother Doña Maria del Carmen Jiménez Guereño for injuries and disabilities suffered by Zuriñe after the administration of Gardasil.

The complaint states that Merck Laboratories failed to use an inert placebo during clinical trials, thereby manipulating data and marketing Gardasil under false pretences. Despite complaints of several young women with similar new medical conditions after Gardasil injections, the Spanish health authorities ignored calls for a moratorium on the use of Gardasil until the safety issues were resolved.

Both regional and national health authorities made no attempt to verify the accuracy of the safety data Merck submitted to gain approval for the widespread administration of Gardasil as a cancer preventative; nor did they make any attempt to inform the public that an already proven safe and effective means of controlling cervical cancer was already in existence.

The complaint goes on to say both national and local health authorities had adequate knowledge regarding the potential harmful effects of Gardasil and chose to recommend administration of the HPV vaccine anyway. The complaint alleges this showed an absolute disregard for the health and well-being of young Spanish girls.

According to the complaint, the attitude of the Merck pharmaceutical company and Spanish health authorities (both national and regional) before, during and after the administration of Gardasil shows they care nothing about the risk to which medical consumers expose themselves whenever Gardasil is used.

The complaint states, prior to administration, no one was concerned about possible adverse reactions to the vaccine. When adverse reactions did occur, those who experienced them were treated with contempt leaving them in a state of helplessness. There was allegedly not one single official inquiry about the girls’ post-Gardasil conditions even though they were healthy prior to being injected with Gardasil.

An outcry from the public calling for a moratorium on the use of Gardasil until safety issues were resolved was ignored by Spanish health authorities. Injections of Gardasil continued despite the damage left behind.

According to Attorney Don Manuel Sáez Ochoa,

(claiming) a possible exemption arguing that they did not know at the time of processing, the dangers of the vaccine (Gardasil) is laughable……Frankly this attitude seems clearly malicious and constitutes the offense of injury as per Artile 149.1 of the Criminal Code that states: To cause another, by any means or process, the loss or worthlessness of an organ or principal member, or a sense, impotence, sterility, severe deformity, or severe somatic or mental illness, shall be punished with imprisonment of six to twelve years.

Charges contained in the official criminal complaint

Merck-Sanofi Pasteur, Spain’s National and Regional (La Rioja) health authorities are charged with the following:

fraudulent marketing and/or administration of an inadequately tested vaccine;

failure to inform the public about the potential risks of using Gardasil;

clear infringement of the right to informed consent;

ignoring new medical conditions in those who used Gardasil despite the similarity of their symptoms and the relatively short period of time between vaccine administration and the onset of symptoms;

ignoring established and new scientific evidence illustrating the potential harmful effects of Gardasil ingredients and manufacturing methods;

callous disregard for those suffering new medical conditions post-Gardasil;

failure to inform the public that HPV infections are simply one of the risk factors involved in the development of cervical cancer;

failure to inform the public that 90% of all HPV infections clear on their own without medical intervention;

failure to inform the publlic about alternative methods of controlling cervical cancer; and

criminal liability for the injuries resulting from the administration of Gardasil

Even if one assumes that Merck-Sanofi Pasteur and all of the government health officials were not aware of the potential risks and lack of proven benefit of Gardasil, there has been plenty of scientific and medical evidence provided since 2007 when the vaccine was approved for use in Spain.

Given their expertise, all of these people were aware of the fact that there are several methods to control cervical cancer that have already been proven safe and effective.

Zuriñe was a healthy, athletic and academically gifted girl until she received the recommended three doses of Gardasil via an immunization program at her school when she was 13 years old. Three weeks later, she was admitted to the emergency room of her local hospital suffering from a multitude of symptoms including dizziness, fatigue and convulsions.

After receiving no answers from her doctors, the conversations began to include hints of conversion disorder. Her parents decided to take her to a private specialist.

According to this specialist, Dr. Mark Mazzuca:

Zuriñe suffers severe cell disease, oxidative stress linked to a demineralization of her body. To put it graphically, she is an 18 year old girl locked in a cell body of a person over sixty years old. Zuriñe also suffers from hard infield Ortostátiaco Postural Syndrome polyneuropathy revealing a central character. It also presents as liver and bladder inflammation.

Five years after her last Gardasil shot, Zuriñe’s life bears little resemblance to anything she once considered normal. In and out of hospitals dealing with ‘mysterious’ new medical conditions every day. No one knows how much of her normal life she will be able to regain.

Thousands of young women around the world are finding themselves in the same position as Zuriñe. They have gone from being happy, active, and healthy to facing a multitude of autoimmune problems and neurological disorders. For them, the ‘possible’ adverse effects of Gardasil have become an all too harsh and brutal reality.

It is time for those responsible to be held accountable for their actions. Criminal prosecution is quite possibly the only way to accomplish that goal.

Perhaps six to twelve years in prison would remind those responsible what it means to conduct yourself in an ethical manner. Perhaps they would remember that their first duty is to maintain the public health, not destroy it.

On July 30, the Judge decided to open criminal proceedings and investigation of the facts. The first criminal case in Spain regarding Gardasil injuries and potential criminal liability begins.

Read the complaint in English here.

Read the complaint in Spanish here.

Read the full article here.

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43934,"by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Did you know that you can use the fragrant essential oils of plants to cure diseases? The spicy aroma of fresh basil, the sweet fragrance of a rose, the savory smell of oregano, and thousands of other volatile oils from plants are not just pleasant to smell, but are powerful medicines. Many plants can help us heal, but those which contain aromatic oils occupy a special place in natural medicine. Here is some basic information that will help you select and use the healing essential oils.

Dr. David Stewart, Ph.D., D.N.M. Integrated Aromatic Science Practitioner, indicates that there are approximately 500,000 plant species on planet earth, but only 18,000 (3.6%) have the means to produce essential oils. He describes the function of these fragrant essential oils in his book, The Chemistry of Essential Oils Made Simple: God’s Love Manifest in Molecules.

Dr. Stewart describes the role of essential oils, their regulation of bodily functions, and how they create homeostasis in plants and in humans:

Essential oils have been called “the life blood of a plant.” They circulate through plant tissues and pass through cell walls, carrying nutrition into cells and carrying waste products out. [Page 59]

When essential oils are applied to people, they do the same thing, carrying oxygen into cells and carrying waste products out. In fact, essential oils are one of nature’s best body cleansers. They can cleanse our cellular receptor sites of pharmaceutical drugs, petrochemicals, and other disruptors of intercellular communication. They can also chelate heavy metals and other toxins, helping to remove and flush them through the liver, colon, sweat, lungs, and kidneys. They can also increase our ability to absorb vitamins and other nutrients. [Page 59]

Essential Oils are Regulators of Many Functions

Essential oils act as plant hormones, regulating plant functions and orchestrating the production of vitamins and enzymes. They act as messengers and supervisors within the plant that help coordinate and initiate vital plant activities. Essential oils can also do the same when applied to humans. They can act as neurotransmitters, peptides, steroids, hormones, enzymes, vitamins, and other message-carrying molecules (called ligands) which intelligently assist our bodily functions and help to restore or maintain wellness. [Page 59]

Essential Oils Possess Homeostatic Intelligence

Homeostasis is that state where every vital biological process within a living organism is functioning as it should. It is a state of perfect wellness. Essential oils always work toward restoring and maintaining balance and homeostasis, first in the plants who create them, and then in the humans who apply them. [59]

To say that an essential oil works toward balance and homeostasis means that the same oil can work in different directions depending on the needs of the plant or person. Oregano oil (Origanum vulgare) will kill hostile microbes while nurturing those that are friendly. Angelica oil (Angelica archangelica) can stimulate a uterus to contract or to relax depending on the need. Myrtle oil (Myrtus communis) is an adaptigen that can stimulate an increase or a decrease in thyroid activity depending on a person’s condition. [Pharmaceutical] drugs are incapable of such intelligent discriminations and act only in preprogrammed directions. [Pages 59-60]

What exactly is an Essential Oil?

Dr. Stewart answers this question:

An essential oil is the volatile lipid (oil) soluble portion of the fluids of a plant containing odiferous compounds produced by steam distillation of vegetable plant matter. Plant matter can be any part of a botanical species including stems, branches, fruits, flowers, seeds, roots, bark, needles, leaves, etc. During the distillation process, the vapors are condensed, collected, and separated from the condensation water. The residual water, containing traces of oil constituents, is called a “floral water” or “hydrosol,” and has therapeutic applications of its own. [Page 51]

Essential oils are mixtures of hundreds of compounds. For example, it has been found that orange oil (Citrus sinensis) contains 34 alcohols, 30 esters, 20 aldehydes, 14 ketones, 10 carboxylic acids, and 36 varieties of terpenes, including mono-, sesqui- , di- and tetraterpenes. And this is not a complete analysis. In fact, no essential oil has ever been completely analyzed to reveal its every constituent. [Page 51]

Essential oils are so complex, it may never be possible to discover everything that is in even one of them. [Page 52]

Only High Quality Essential Oils can Heal

Only the highest quality essential oils have the capacity to promote healing. The plants that are used as the raw material for essential oils must be healthy and clean. The processing methods must preserve the natural qualities of the essential oil. The essential oil that results must be 100% natural and 100% pure. Nothing should be added and nothing should be removed from the essential oil after it is processed.

Quality of Plant Materials

First, the quality of the plant material that is used to produce the essential oil is critical. Plant sources should be either certified organic or wild. Wild plant sources should be from a clean environment, and plants should not have been exposed to chemical fertilizers, herbicides, or pesticides. Chemicals applied to conventionally grown plant materials can end up in the essential oil and be part of the final product that is sold to consumers. This should always be avoided.

Quality of Processing

The process that is used to extract the essential oil from the plant material is critical. High quality essential oils are processed using a low temperature distillation method. When low temperature distillation is used, the temperature of the volatile elements in the plant material will be kept below its boiling point, which prevents decomposition of the essential oil. This means that the characteristics of the essential oil molecules that result from distillation will be very similar to those that were in the plant. A few essential oils, such as citrus oils are mechanically pressed from the peel of the fruit.

Other Signs of High Quality Essential Oils

When looking to purchase high quality essential oils, you can be guided by the presence of a number of other factors, which can be seen with the essential oil packaging.

Essential oils should be packed in light resistant containers. The bottles should be made of light resistant dark glass, or the bottles should be packed in covered metal cylinders to provide 100% light blockage. The label should state whether the source plant material was organic or wild crafted. The extraction method should be indicated, and the label should state that the bottle contains 100% essential oil. There should be no additives.

The label should state the common name of the plant source and the Latin name of the plant, and should indicate the part of the plant that was used to produce the oil. This is more of an exact form of labeling, since there could be a variety of plants that might use the common name and different parts of the plant can produce different qualities of oil. Look for a country of origin for the essential oil itself. Look for batch specific tracking information, which can be used to track the oil back to its source.

Look for quality certifications from essential oil certifying agencies. The FDA in the United States has not approved any “therapeutic” claims for essential oils, so you will not find this type of certification on the label. There are no independent third party certification organizations certifying essential oils as “therapeutic grade.”

Low Quality or Adulterated Essential Oils

The reason attention must be given to purchasing high quality essential oils is that products that are partially synthetic or completely synthetic can legally be called an essential oil. They may have real natural plant essential oil as a base; but compounds may be added or removed to produce a certain aroma or flavor profile. The companies that make these oils are seeking to manufacture a product that meets certain standards for flavor and fragrance, and are not intending to create oils that can support healing. These types of adulterated oils are intended for cosmetics and soap making. They could contain toxic chemicals, preservatives, or agricultural chemical residue, as well as the residue of chemicals that were used as agents to increase the rate of oil extraction from plants. These lower quality oils should never be used for healing purposes.

Keep it Pure, Natural, and Complete

David Stewart describes the greater goal for producing essential oils:

Thus derived, an essential oil will contain hundreds of constituents, most of them in trace amounts and measured in fractions of a percent. Yet every constituent is vital to the healing potential of the oil. [Page 8]

… Its delicate balance is the result of having been grown in a nurturing environment of love, gently coaxed from the plant, and packaged in a protective container guarded from light, heat, and air. Once delivered from the still, not one constituent is removed nor is anything synthetic added, lest the life of the oil be compromised and its ability to administer healing obliterated or reduced. [Page 9]

With careful distillation at atmospheric pressures and minimum temperatures, the extracted essential oil is very close to that in the living plant except that only the lightest molecules (generally those less than 400 amu) come through the distillation process. Heavier oil molecules of the living plant remain in the plant mass and can be accessed for therapeutic purposes as dried herbs. Dried herbs do not contain essential oils, except in traces, by virtue of the evaporation (drying) process by which they are preserved. [Page 52]

Using Essential Oils to Bring about Homeostasis and Cure Diseases

There are three basic schools of thought represented in essential oil training programs. As a result, aromatherapy practitioners and reference books will have different points of view regarding what they believe to be safe and effective ways of using essential oils. Each school targets specific pathways of application. Some schools will have a list of essential oils that they believe should not be used, while other schools and reference books will list those same oils as being highly valuable therapeutic agents.

Dr. Stewart describes the differences this way:

There are four basic portals through which essential oils can enter the body: through the lungs, through the skin, through the digestive tract, and through the absorbent tissues of our body orifices. [Page 2]

The German school emphasizes inhalation as the best way to receive the benefits of essential oils. Inhalation puts oil molecules directly into the blood stream through the alveoli of the lungs as well directly to the brain through the olfactory nerves which connect to the central brain. [Page 3]

The English emphasize massage with neutral carrier oils containing 2-5% essential oils as the best practice of aromatherapy. In the English school skin is the primary organ of absorption for essential oils applied diluted in low concentrations. [Page 3]

The French emphasize taking essential oils orally, but in practice they utilize all four methods of administration, including oils applied neat (undiluted) on the skin. In reality, all four ways are valid, each with their advantages and disadvantages. In rare cases, those of the French school may also administer essential oils directly into living tissues via hypodermic injections, as with certain cancerous tumors. However, this practice is reserved for licensed physicians only. [Page 3]

The best way to optimize the benefits of aromatic oils is to be open to administering them by any and all pathways— by nose, skin, mouth, intestines, rectum, and/or vagina— depending on the situation. This is what we recommend. This is what the leading aromatherapists of the world recommend… [Page 3]

Regarding aromatherapy in the United States and Canada, only the French and British schools predominate. [Page 3]

Tips for Using Essential Oils

Always be sure that you are using high quality essential oils, and not oils that were intended for perfume or flavoring. Use an essential oil reference book to guide your use of the oils or consult an aromatherapist. Most oils can be safely used at home without special training, but as with any therapy, there are some precautions.

Removing an Essential Oil if it Causes a Burning Sensation on the Skin

Some essential oils can cause a burning sensation when applied to sensitive skin. If this happens, do not try to wash off the oil with soap and water. This will just spread the oil. Instead dilute the oil with olive oil, unscented massage oil, or coconut oil. Apply the diluting oil liberally. The burning sensation will stop almost instantly as soon as the essential oils become incorporated with the larger volume of the carrier oil that has been applied over them. Wipe off the oil when the discomfort stops. Apply additional carrier oil if discomfort reoccurs.

Inhaling Essential Oils

Taking the cap off a bottle of essential oil and sniffing it will not offer much therapeutic benefit. When you sniff a bottle, you are not necessarily obtaining the full complement of compounds that are in the oil.

One of the simplest ways to use an essential oil is to put some of the oil in the palm of your hands and to breathe the oil as it vaporizes into the air. You can do this by putting one or two drops of an essential oil in the palm of your hand and rubbing your palms together. Then open your palms slightly and put your nose between your thumbs and take a deep breath. Press the palms of your hands back together and hold your breath for a few second before exhaling. Holding the palms together will slow down the evaporation of the oil.

If you have not done this before with a specific oil, then take a small short inhale to get a sense of how the vapors feels as they enter your nose. Some oils such as peppermint will cause a sensation in the sinuses, which can be surprising for those using the oil for the first time. Take several relaxed breaths over the course of one minute. This is not a race, just relax and enjoy the oils. Since essential oils also penetrate directly through the skin and enter the blood stream, you will obtain a treatment through your hands as well. If you have a tendency to touch your eyes frequently, you might wish to use some carrier oil on your fingers to remove any residue of essential oil before you go on to your other daily activities.

Diffusing the Oils into the Air

There are essential oil diffusers, which are designed to distribute microscopic droplets of essential oil into the air of a room. This method has many benefits. First it cleans the air of a room and can provide a pleasant fragrance. This is a very healthy alternative to the artificially scented toxic products that are sold to “freshen” the air. Synthetic air fresheners are made from petrochemicals and coal tar, and often contain unidentified solvents and other carcinogenic ingredients.

Diffusing certain essential oils can be helpful for people when they have respiratory congestion. Some oils can sharpen thinking, relax emotions, or reduce stress. Some can help with sleep. Since some essential oils are highly antiviral, antibacterial, and antifungal, they can be safely used to disinfect one’s environment without harming human health.

Applying Essential Oils to the Skin

Most high quality essential oils can be applied directly to the skin without dilution. Some people may prefer to dilute the essential oils with a carrier oil such as coconut oil, olive oil or unscented massage oil before applying them to the skin. The oils can be gently rubbed on the skin. There are oils that are good for reducing muscle tightness, inflammation, and pain. These can be applied on the skin over the affected area.

The safest area of skin where essential oils can be applied is on the soles of the feet. A couple drops of essential oil will often be enough to spread over the sole of one foot. You can also add a layer of carrier oil over the essential oil to slow down evaporation. If you wish, the essential oil and carrier oil mix can be used to provide lubrication for a foot massage.

Absorbing Essential Oils in the Digestive Tract

Dr. Stewart describes how this works:

By “digestive tract” we are referring to oils taken by mouth, and swallowed so that they are actually absorbed through the stomach and intestines by digestive processes. [Page 2]

Swallowing the oils to be assimilated through the digestive tract results in a major portion being destroyed by the stomach acids. Hence, a greater quantity of oil is required when swallowed than when simply held in the mouth. However, some oils are too strong to be held in the mouth so that when internal administration is desired, swallowing them in capsules is an effective alternative. [Page 2]

Taking Essential Oils with Food or Beverages

Many essential oils have a very pleasant flavor and can be added to food or to water. A single drop of peppermint added to ice water makes a very refreshing drink. You can also add spearmint, lemon, orange, tangerine, or grapefruit to hot water and enjoy the fragrance as you drink it like tea, or add them to ice water.

Essential oils can be added to your recipes. Beware, however – oils such as oregano and essential oils from other herbs are very highly concentrated. A single drop of oregano oil might be too strong for most recipes. It is best to take a clean toothpick and dip it into the essential oil and then use the toothpick to stir the food that you are preparing. If there is fat or oil in your recipe ingredients, then the essential oil will quickly spread from the tooth pick into your saucepan or mixing bowl.

See Also:

Resource

The Chemistry of Essential Oils Made Simple: God’s Love Manifest in Molecules, David Stewart, Ph.D., D.N.M. Integrated Aromatic Science Practitioner, Care Publications, Fourth Printing 2013.



Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24461,"by Dr. Mercola [1]

Researchers recently investigated sucralose (Splenda) to see if it could reduce hunger and keep blood sugar steady. They found that it could not.

The researchers hoped to find that sucralose could cause the intestine to produce a hormone that reduces blood sugar and decreases appetite, which prior study had indicated might be a possibility. But the effect did not occur when it was ingested orally — hunger remained the same and the blood sugar remained the same.

According to FYI Living:

“Worse, other research has shown that artificial sweeteners might contribute to weight gain … [when the] sweet taste is not accompanied by the calories (energy) our brain expects it to be, the complex systems our bodies have to regulate energy balance may be thrown off kilter. The result is that a diet high in artificial sweeteners may possibly, over time, cause people to seek out more calories from other sources”.

Sources:

FYI Living March 10, 2011

European Journal of Clinical Nutrition April 2011; 65(4):508-13

Dr. Mercola’s Comments:

Avoiding sugar is a crucial component of a healthy lifestyle, but, instead of consuming a naturally low-sugar diet based on whole foods, some people are still trying to have their cake and eat it too. Unfortunately, the belief that artificial sweeteners can allow you to have the best of both worlds is simply not based in reality. It’s a carefully orchestrated deception. So if you’re still consuming artificially sweetened foods, snacks and beverages because you think it’ll help you manage your weight, please understand that you’ve been sorely misled. In reality, “diet” foods and drinks ruin your body’s ability to count calories [2], thus boosting your inclination to overindulge. This effect appears to be true for all artificial sweeteners. Unfortunately, most public health agencies and nutritionists in the United States still recommend these toxic artificial sweeteners as acceptable and even preferred alternatives to sugar, which is at best confusing and at worst seriously damaging the health of those who listen to this well-intentioned but foolish advice.

Artificial Sweeteners INCREASE Your Risk of Obesity

Contrary to popular belief, research has shown that artificial sweeteners can stimulate your appetite [3], increase carbohydrate cravings, and stimulate fat storage and weight gain. In fact, diet sodas may actually double your risk of obesity [4]! How’s that for being misled? Studies have repeatedly shown that consuming artificial sweeteners may be ruining your ability to control your food intake and body weight. For example, I have listed the results of six studies on aspartame that found it increases hunger and body weight [5] on my Aspartame Studies page, andresearch on other artificial sweeteners have come to the same conclusion [6]. It’s thought that consuming artificial sweeteners breaks the inherent connection between a sweet taste and a high-calorie food, thereby changing your body’s ability to regulate your intake of calories. The end result is that by consuming artificially sweetened foods and beverages, you end up gaining more body fat than if you were to eat the same foods sweetened with regular sugar! But weight gain isn’t the only health-harming side effect of these man-made chemical sweeteners.

Splenda Destroys Your Gut Flora

Different artificial sweeteners have been found to wreak havoc in a number of different ways. Aspartame, for example, has a long list of studies indicating its harmful effects [5], ranging from brain damage to pre-term delivery. Splenda (sucralose) has been found to be particularly damaging to your intestines. A study published in 2008 [7] found that Splenda: Reduces the amount of good bacteria in your intestines by 50 percent

Increases the pH level in your intestines, and

Affects a glycoprotein in your body that can have crucial health effects, particularly if you’re on certain medications like chemotherapy, or treatments for AIDS and certain heart conditions They also found unmistakable evidence that Splenda is absorbed by fat, contrary to previous claims. In response to this study, James Turner, chairman of the national consumer education group Citizens for Health issued the following statement [8]: “The report makes it clear that the artificial sweetener Splenda and its key component sucralose pose a threat to the people who consume the product. Hundreds of consumers have complained to us about side effects from using Splenda and this study … confirms that the chemicals in the little yellow package should carry a big red warning label.” I agree. It’s truly disturbing that Splenda can destroy up to 50 percent of your healthy intestinal bacteria, as these bacteria are absolutely vital for supporting your general health! Many people are already deficient in healthy bacteria due to consuming too many highly processed foods. This is why a high quality probiotic [9] is one of the very few supplements I highly recommend for most, if not all, people. Believe me, if you continually destroy up to half of your gut flora by regularly consuming Splenda, then poor health is virtually guaranteed!

Splenda has Never Been Proven Safe for Human Consumption

Splenda was approved by the FDA as a tabletop- and general-purpose sweetener in processed foods in 1998. The FDA claims the approval was based on more than 110 animal and human safety studies. However, what they don’t specify was that out of these 110 studies, only two were human studies, consisting of a combined total of 36 people, of which only 23 people actually ingested sucralose. Additionally, the longest of these two human trials lasted only four days and looked at sucralose in relation to tooth decay, not human tolerance! Many people have sent me stories about their adverse reactions to Splenda, which are posted on my site [10]. This list alone contains more people than were formally studied in the research submitted for FDA approval! The remainder of those 110-plus “safety studies” were done on animals, and they actually revealed plenty of problems, such as: Decreased red blood cells — sign of anemia — at levels above 1,500 mg/kg/day

Increased male infertility by interfering with sperm production and vitality, as well as brain lesions at higher doses

Enlarged and calcified kidneys (McNeil stated this is often seen with poorly absorbed substances and was of no toxicological significance. The FDA Final Rule agreed that these are findings that are common in aged female rats and are not significant.)

Spontaneous abortions in nearly half the rabbit population given sucralose, compared to zero aborted pregnancies in the control group

A 23 percent death rate in rabbits, compared to a 6 percent death rate in the control group Common Side Effects of Splenda The web site www.truthaboutsplenda.com [11] lists a variety of consumer complaints from Splenda consumption, such as:

Gastrointestinal problems Blurred vision Migraines Allergic reactions Seizures Blood sugar increases Dizziness Weight gain

You can also read the first-hand accounts of many of my readers here [10], at least one of whom say that allowing Splenda on the market is “worse than chemical warfare” based on the adverse effects she suffered before she figured out the cause. Just as with aspartame, many Splenda users complain of general malaise or “feeling under the weather,” along with a variety of neurological changes, such as foggy-headedness, lack of concentration, and “bad mood.” If you have ever suffered any side effects from taking Splenda or any artificially sweetened product, I strongly recommend reporting it to the FDA Consumer Complaint Coordinator [12] in your area.

Splenda—”Made from Sugar” But More Similar to DDT…

That’s right. The catchy slogan “Made from sugar so it tastes like sugar” has fooled many, but chemically, Splenda is actually more similar to DDT than sugar. Sucralose starts off with a sugar molecule, yes, but that’s where the similarity ends. (A sucrose molecule is a disaccharide that contains two single sugars bound together, i.e. glucose and fructose.) Then, in a five-step patented process, three chlorine molecules are added to that sucrose (sugar) molecule. This process converts the sugar molecule to a fructo-galactose molecule. This type of sugar molecule does not occur in nature, and therefore your body does not possess the ability to properly metabolize it. As a result of this “unique” biochemical make-up, McNeil Nutritionals makes its claim that Splenda is not digested or metabolized by the body, hence it has zero calories. But, if you look at the research, you will find that an average of 15 percent of sucralose IS in fact absorbed into your digestive system, and ultimately is stored in your body. To reach the average number of 15 percent means that some people absorb more and some people absorb less, depending on your biochemical makeup. If you are healthy and your digestive system works well, you may be at HIGHER risk for breaking down this product in your stomach and intestines, so for you the adverse reactions may be more acutely felt.

How to Kick the Artificial Sweetener Habit

Sweet cravings are very common for the simple reason that sugar is as addictive as cocaine [13]. Unfortunately, switching to artificial sweeteners will neither reduce these cravings nor increase your satiety. On the contrary, as discussed above, you’re likely making matters worse. Your body also craves sweets when you’re denying it the fuel it needs. Sugar (and grain carbs) is very quick fuel and can give your body a boost when it’s running low. Again, using artificial sweeteners does not trick your body into thinking it has had its fill; rather it wants more sweets because it didn’t get the energy boost with that sweet taste! A powerful solution to help curb your cravings is to determine your nutritional type [14], which will tell you which foods you need to eat to feel full and satisfied. It may sound hard to believe right now, but once you start eating right for your nutritional type, your sweet cravings will disappear. To help you turn your health around, I now offer the full nutritional typing program online for free [14], so please take advantage of this opportunity to dramatically change your health for the better. Interestingly, nutrition- and fitness expert Ori Hofmekler recently shared a fascinating benefit of caffeine [15] that can be helpful here. If you like coffee, drinking organic black coffee (meaning without sugar or milk) can help eliminate sugar cravings because the caffeine is anopioid receptor antagonist. As you may know, sugar binds to the same opioid receptors as cocaine and other addictive substances. But once an opioid receptor antagonist occupies that receptor, it prohibits you from becoming addicted to something else. Therefore, caffeine may attenuate the addictive impact of sugar. There are a few caveats to using this strategy however, including: Only drink organic coffee (as it’s one of the most pesticide-heavy crops there are)

Drink it black, sans sugar/artificial sweeteners or milk

Only drink coffee in the morning, prior to exercise

Limit your consumption to one or two cups In addition to eating right for your nutritional type, I highly recommend addressing the emotional component of your food cravings [16], using a tool such as the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT) [17]. It’s one of the most profoundly effective tools I’ve ever used or researched to help overcome food cravings and reach dietary success. Turbo Tapping [18] is particularly useful if you’re addicted to soda. It’s an extremely effective and simple tool to get rid of your addiction in a short period of time.

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/04/26/major-media-finally-exposes-splendas-lies.aspx [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33181,"Ben Swann travels to Colorado to learn the truth about cannabis as medicine and what government isn’t telling you

by Ben Swann

Excerpts:

Right now there is an awakening to the benefits of cannabis for medicinal purposes, specifically something called CBD oil. But is the new CBD craze being manipulated by media and politicians? If it weren’t we wouldn’t need to do a show about it.

The first step toward truth is to be informed.

CBD Oil… you’ve probably heard of it by now. Thanks to CNN’s Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and his special report “Weed” millions are now aware of the cannabinoid rich oil being used to help children in colorado with epilepsy. Especially this one little girl Charlotte Figi after whom the Charlotte’s Web strain of cannabis has been named.

I wanted to learn what CBD oil and the push behind it is all about so I traveled to Denver, Colorado. Home to legalized marijuana and the Stanley brothers, the family behind the charlottes web strain of cannabis oil. The Stanley’s were the ones to prove in Charlotte Figi’s case that CBD rich cannabis oil can prevent seizures in children.

Read the Full Transcript here.

See Also:

Global Censorship of Health Information

The Politics of Controlling Therapeutic Information to Protect State-Sponsored Drug Monopolies

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32521,"by Livable Future

I’ve just returned from eight days in Cuba studying their sustainable agricultural system — especially their urban agriculture sector — and I have several key take-aways.

One of the biggest insights was the untapped potential of urban agriculture as a creator of good jobs. The Cuban system was reported to have provided over 300,000 employment opportunities and significant community development. (Koont, S. 2009) In a country of 12 million people, that means 2.5% of the Cuban population is employed in urban agriculture and its related industries.

Now, for many reasons, you cannot and should not compare Cuba to the United States with regard to agriculture. The two nations have different economic and political systems, cultures, climate and much more, but that does not mean that Cuban urban agriculture cannot provide lessons to us here in the U.S. I have long been interested in urban agriculture – not only as a way to provide healthy, local produce, but as a community development and youth development tool and, yes, a job creator. This is the mindset I had when I met Miguel Salcines and his Vivero

Kids playing at Vivero Organiponico

Organiponico.

Vivero Organiponico is a 10-hectare (24-acre) urban farm within Alamar, a neighborhood of Havana. It is surrounded by apartments, houses, parks and the normal activities of a Havana neighborhood. The farm produces 12 to 15 crops for market, from eggplant to tomatoes, to lettuce, cabbage and onions. It sends produce to market 365 days a year. The farm grows intensively, turning over beds at a blistering rate, sometimes getting eleven cycles of greens out of a bed in a single year. It uses no chemical pesticides and no artificial fertilizers, but can draw fertility from its cattle and its large vermicomposting and mycorrhizae systems.

This organiponico is called a UBPC (basic unit of cooperative production) which is a sector of Cuban agriculture where farms are run on a cooperative basis, managed independently by individuals not employed by the Cuban government. The farms’ managers pay salaries and taxes, make profits and set prices. While in certain situations UBPC’s have levels of production that they must meet for the state (often sold to the state below the cost of production), even in those situations they can sell much of their surplus produce into local farmers markets and keep the profit for their cooperatives.

Salcines

This is a major change from the large industrial state farms of the communist system that existed for decades. These relatively new cooperatives provide economic incentives to increase production through various efficiencies. Salcines’ organiponico has no quota to meet for the state and can sell all of its produce in local markets at prices he establishes. This cooperative (Salcines is the president) began with four workers during the “special period” and the land he received in free usufruct has grown over 15 years to employ 147 workers, 42 of whom are women. They are proud to employ 18 university graduates and 34 agricultural technicians, as 35% of his employees have graduated from institutions of higher learning.





At this organiponico, workers have a stake in the success of the business venture. They get one share of stock after they complete each of their first three years of employment, and then an additional share after years 5, 10 and 15. Salcines has had workers who lasted only one hour, refusing to put forward the hard work that is required, but the ones who have stayed earn a good living and have created a profitable business that supplies the city of Havana with fresh fruits and vegetables every day. In many ways, Salcines provides an exemplary model of what urban agriculture could provide. His workers have a seven-hour day, (only six during the summer) and he says they are more efficient workers this way. He serves them breakfast and lunch for free (with food grown from the farm) and often the farm is filled with school groups, working and touring the farm.

How much job creation could urban agriculture accomplish in the United States? That might depend on certain changes happening. One major obstacle is the way that the public perceives agriculture. Most people in Cuba and the U.S. share in the perception that farming is a less than desired profession. In Cuba, several people we visited during our delegation’s trip discussed the need to change the idea that has pervaded Cuban minds for 500 years, mainly that farmers are illiterate, uneducated and engage in the most unpleasant work in Cuban society. Many in the U.S. also perceive farming as unprofitable, difficult work that commands little prestige. This perception must be changed, especially when the average age of our farmers in the U.S. is over 57.

In order for urban agriculture to produce a significant percentage of a city’s food, intensive growing methods are required. This means a new way of thinking about agriculture. This paradigm of intensive growing, with organic methods, values a knowledge-based labor force where adaptation is more valuable than uniformity. It also creates opportunities for jobs, whether it is propagation stations that keep the urban farms flush with plant “starts” to vermicomposting systems (worm composting) or other recycling of organic material that urban farms will need to maintain their fertility levels.

Individuals trained in soil management, pest management and marketing will be needed. Businesses that add value to crops through simple processing such as slicing, chopping, and canning – or by actually cooking prepared foods – have a place, as well. While some of these jobs would be technical and highly educated professions, the sector is also a perfect fit for youth development, where young people can be gainfully employed while also developing a healthy relationship with food.

There are cities that have developed and are developing incredibly successful urban agriculture projects, often through the work of various non-profits. However, what is missing is the dedicated political backing for urban agriculture. Cuba has completely institutionalized urban agriculture, with departments of urban agriculture and now, suburban agriculture housed within the ministry of agriculture. I was shocked when I saw that, because I would love to see the Baltimore or San Francisco department of urban agriculture. It is this institutionalization that will take urban agriculture from the fringe of grant funded projects eternally searching for resources to established programs that have financial and political backing by our cities.

Article link: http://www.livablefutureblog.com/2011/01/shovel-ready-cuban-urban-agriculture-as-job-creator/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21955,"More than 1.2 million people in the United States are infected with HIV but government officials do not ban HIV infected children and adults from attending school, receiving medical care, being employed, or otherwise participating in society. In fact, there are anti-discrimination laws that guarantee civil rights protections for Americans infected with HIV or living with AIDS. In 2012, public health officials reported that about two million people in America are infected with chlamydia, tuberculosis, syphilis and gonorrhea, and they estimate another three million people are infected with hepatitis C. Like those with HIV or AIDS, these citizens are not targeted for discrimination and blocked from getting a public education, being employed or moving freely in society. But in 2015 after a handful of measles cases were identified at Disneyland, suddenly Americans are being asked to surrender civil liberties. Healthy children whose only ""crime"" is that their parents have chosen to refuse toxic vaccines are suddenly at risk for being denied an education in America and other freedoms granted to other citizens. How did a handful of measles cases at Disneyland turn into a full-scale assault on civil and human rights in America?",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33160,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Since the conventional medical system ignores vaccine injuries and even denies they exist, very few physicians today know how to diagnose injuries and illnesses caused by vaccines. Yet, this ignorance in the medical system does not mean there is not solid scientific evidence showing some of the harmful effects of vaccines.

One of the truly tragic situations we are seeing today among infants suffering from vaccine damage is the prevalence of vaccine-induced rickets. The typical symptoms of an infant suffering from vaccine-induced rickets are often misdiagnosed as being caused by parents abusing their babies by shaking them too hard. In these cases, the family suffers twice: first by the damage to their child caused by vaccines, and then by the medical and social welfare systems who blame the parents and take away their children.

Christina England highlights this growing problem in today’s society.

Child Abuse or Vaccine-Induced Rickets – Are Doctors Getting it Wrong?

by Christina England

Health Impact News

Thousands of parents worldwide are being falsely accused of child abuse after doctors discover what they believe to be healing fractures on x-rays. However, far from being abuse, there is growing evidence to support the claim that many of these children are in fact suffering from infantile rickets.

Rickets is a condition caused by a severe lack of vitamin D in the diet, which can lead to a softening and weakening of the bones, making it difficult for the body to absorb calcium.

The Work of Dr. David Ayoub

One doctor who is unafraid to speak out on the subject is Dr. David Ayoub, a practicing radiologist from Springfield, Illinois. He believes that it is not only a poor diet and the lack of sunshine that is responsible for the growing number of children suffering from rickets, but also the growing number of vaccinations containing the adjuvant aluminium.

Dr. Ayoub, an expert on the subject, has been involved in hundreds of cases of misdiagnosed rickets worldwide and has testified on the behalf of many innocent parents.

During an interview with Dr. Mercola in February 2014, Dr. Ayoub spoke about his vast experience and described how he has noticed a dramatic increase in the number of parents being falsely accused.

He told Dr. Mercola that:

“For at least 25 years, we have seen rickets on x-rays of infants with fractures, and from the very beginning, and this is the research out of the Boston Children’s Hospital, there has been a misdiagnosis or a diagnostic substitution. The changes of healing rickets in infants – they looked at dead children’s skeletal surveys and looked under the microscope to correlate what they saw in x-rays, under the slide, under the microscope – and they diagnosed unique fractures, they didn’t diagnose healing rickets, and from that time on the stamp, on these changes on x-rays had been labelled as child abuse, specific changes in child abuse. It’s a horrific thing to think about.” (taken from video)

He continued:

“The cases that we are seeing are 100 percent healing phase rickets. Rickets in infancy is much, much different from the rickets in the classical age group, which is between one and two years of age. If this is real child abuse, well, then I have never seen a case over one year of age. They are typically about five weeks when they start fracturing from a diaper change, changing a shirt or putting an arm in a car seat or a sibling playing with a kid, being a little rough, that sort of thing, when you find healing fractures and so forth.”

Watch the video:

In the article that accompanied the interview, Dr. Mercola wrote:

“Dr. Ayoub has compiled a robust body of evidence to support his position, some of which was recently published in the peer-reviewed American Journal of Roentgenology. The paper was co-authored by Dr. Chuck Hyman, a child abuse pediatrician, and Marvin Miller, a pediatric bone specialist and geneticist at Dayton Children’s Hospital. Based on this work, they’re also submitting a second paper that addresses the risk factors in pregnancy that set up the baby with rickets, such as low vitamin D, poor calcium status, heavy antacid use, excess body weight, and other factors which I’ll list further below.”

He continued by quoting Dr. Ayoub:

“”The last interview I did for you was really the link to my current work in infantile rickets,” he says. “I was looking closely at aluminum adjuvants in vaccines and their association with diseases in early infancy. One of the classic diseases that aluminum is linked to is rickets. It’s also plausible that aluminum is anticoagulant. In other words, it can induce bleeding conditions.”

Is Dr. Ayoub correct? Are the aluminum adjuvants being used in vaccinations in any way responsible for the increased number of infants suffering from infantile rickets and other injuries believed by doctors to be shaken baby syndrome?

Presenting the Case for Vaccine-induced Infantile Rickets in Court

In a written transcript of his interview, Dr. Ayoub made his views perfectly clear and left parents in little doubt that he believed the aluminum in the vaccinations was to blame for the sudden increase in infantile rickets and bleeding conditions seen in children today. He stated:

“The last interview I did for you was really the link to my current work in infantile rickets. I was looking closely at aluminum adjuvants in vaccines and their association with diseases in early infancy. One of the classic diseases that aluminum is linked to is rickets. It’s also plausible that aluminum is anticoagulant. In other words, it can induce bleeding conditions. What comes to mind is fractures and bleeding (what do you think of) in infants – shaken baby syndrome (SBS).”

Working alongside his close friend Dr. Edward Yazbak, Dr. Ayoub began to look at evidence from a whole new perspective and explained in his interview how he and Dr. Yazbak had won their first case when they had presented their evidence in court. He said:

“The first case I saw was a preterm baby, a Florida case that Dr. Yazbak was working on. It was a case of terrible bones. They misdiagnosed it. We wrote a report. The case was dismissed. I’m like, “Wow, this is easy.” The second case I got was a case of rickets and scurvy. It was a case in Southern States and a criminal case. We testified against a very seasoned elderly forensic radiologist, and we lost the case. It was a devastating loss because this kid has [inaudible 06:18] metabolic bone disease. After that case, I really wanted to stop looking. I realized that there was a lot of politics. It’s difficult to convince the judge and the jury that a general radiologist in Illinois is smarter than their backyard experts at their university hospitals.”

However, far from being deterred by their loss, the pair carried on their research. He told Dr. Mercola that this was the wakeup call that he needed. He stated:

“This was my wakeup call. Case number two: this case was so clear-cut. This child had plummeted off the growth curve. He had cataracts, for God’s sake – cataracts, you know. Unbelievable. Severe weight loss. He had classical changes of rickets and scurvy in the growth plates. I showed comparisons from the literature side by side, and of course, you’re showing these to laymen. But even laymen … I mean, this is just showing a picture of a figure. You’re looking at comparisons from established textbooks. All it took for their expert to do – bow-tied, white-haired senior radiologist – is to shake his head, look at the jury, and say, “Scurvy is rare. Rickets is rare. This is not the disease,” and that’s it.”

Seemingly puzzled by why his evidence was not accepted, Dr. Mercola asked:

“But why wasn’t he convinced? I mean, he had the education and the experience to understand the evidence.”

Dr. Ayoub replied:

“That is a great question. I have reviewed over 400 cases. I’ve been in the legal process over a hundred times, whether it’s report writing or testifying. I have extensive experience. I’ve testified in other countries. I’ve testified in over half of the states in the United States. I’ve gone up against mostly university hospitals – big centers: Children’s Hospital in Boston, Philadelphia Children’s Hospital, Seattle Children’s Hospital, and so forth. I’ve really gone up against many of the top physicians. I would say that I’m not going up against the radiologists that often. Most of the time, it’s the child abuse pediatrician who testifies in proxy for the radiologist for court. Many of the radiologists, oddly enough, don’t come to court. That’s a political question, and one that goes in my head over and over again. But I will tell you this: what we’re seeing – this is probably one of the biggest explanations – is a rather big pill to swallow. For at least 25 years, we have seen rickets on x-rays in infants with fractures. From the very beginning (this is the research out of Boston’s Children’s Hospital), there has been a misdiagnosis or, let’s say, a diagnostic substitution that changes of healing rickets in infants were originally recognized in an autopsy study by Paul Kleinman, who’s a radiologist at Boston Children’s Hospital.” (Source.)

Are Dr. Ayoub and Dr. Yazbak correct? Is the return of infantile rickets due to the rising number of vaccinations containing aluminum as an adjuvant? Or is there more to this tragedy than just the vaccines?

Aluminum in Baby Formula Also Known to Cause Bones to Fracture

I believe that there is more to this tragedy, especially after reading a paper published in 1996, titled Aluminum Toxicity in Infants and Children.

The paper, written by the American Academy of Pediatrics, described how the aluminum levels found in the tissue of patients with normal renal function were at a lower level than the aluminum levels found in patients suffering from renal failure.

The authors stated that:

“Bone and liver are the tissue most frequently affected by increased absorption and/or decreased clearance of aluminum.”

They go on to state:

“In 1976, it was reported that the brain tissue of patients dying of a neurologic syndrome called dialysis encephalopathy had high concentrations of aluminum in the gray matter. Two years later, a severe form of osteomalacic osteodystrophy (fracturing dialysis osteodystrophy) and dialysis encephalopathy was described, which occurred in patients undergoing dialysis with a dialysate prepared from tap water that contained large amounts of aluminum. The epidemic-like occurrence of these diseases was largely eliminated by removing the aluminum from the water used to prepare dialysate.”

(Note: osteomalacia is a condition characterized by softening of the bones with resultant pain, weakness, and bone fragility, caused by inadequate deposition of calcium or vitamin D.)

Are these Bone Diseases Linked to Rickets?

The Committee of Nutrition within the American Academy of Pediatrics went on to discuss the aluminum content in infant formula, stating that the formulas for premature infants appeared to contain higher levels of aluminum than the standard formulas given to full-term infants and recommended that the FDA consider lowering these amounts.

They concluded that:

“Some infant formulas may contain relatively high concentrations of aluminum. The reported concentrations of aluminum in soy formulas and premature infant formulas are higher than those in other infant formulas. The potential impact of these formulas on the aluminum intake of premature infants and infants with impaired renal function should be recognized, although it is not clear that toxic effects result from the use of the formulas in these situations.”

Bearing this in mind, are the bone diseases seen by the American Academy of Pediatrics in any way linked to the cases of rickets that we are seeing today?

It appears that the work of the American Academy of Pediatrics and the work of Dr. Ayoub bear many similarities, which I found extremely worrying, especially since more and more pregnant women are being vaccinated with vaccines containing the adjuvant aluminum.

These vaccines include:

Tdap or DTaP – diphtheria, tetanus, and pertussis (whooping cough)

and

Hep B – hepatitis B

See Vaccine Ingredients — A Comprehensive Guide

If babies born to a vaccinated mother then receive an infant formula laden with aluminum, we need to consider what cumulative effect this could have on the child.

This is especially important, since many of the products used on our babies skin, also contain aluminum as an ingredient. These include diaper rash creams , baby lotion , (pdf available from site) and baby powder .

For more information about aluminum and a wide range of toxins, poisons and chemicals hidden in baby products used today, read Toxic World, Toxic People: The Essential Guide to Health, Happiness, Parenting and Conscious Living written by Anna Victoria Rogers.

Examining the Evidence: Link Between Aluminum and Vaccine-Induced Rickets is Very Strong

Pregnant mothers are being advised to receive vaccinations containing aluminum during pregnancy.

Baby formulas are known to contain high quantities of aluminum, especially those being fed to premature babies.

Many babies are vaccinated at birth with the hepatitis B vaccine, which contains aluminum, and they continue to receive additional multiple vaccinations containing aluminum, whether they are premature or not, from the age of eight weeks.

Is Dr. Ayoub correct? He has been studying aluminum adjuvants in vaccines and their association with diseases in early infancy for many years.

Given the evidence, is it any wonder that the health of our vulnerable babies is suffering from conditions believed to be a thing of the past, such as rickets and scurvy, which are being diagnosed today?

To find out more about the dangers of aluminum in vaccinations, please go to the Children’s Medical Safety Research Institute website, where you will find a wide range of research papers and articles written on the subject by leading experts.

Further Resource:

David Ayoub – Early infantile rickets A new look at an old disease and mimic of child abuse

See also the research of Dr. Andrew Moulden regarding vaccine injuries and illnesses at VaccineImpact.com.

Dissolving Illusions: Disease, Vaccines, and The Forgotten History

by Dr. Suzanne Humphries and Roman Bystrianyk

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24309,"By Dr. Mercola

When it comes to making health care decisions, which can deeply impact your life, you need access to truthful, unbiased information and science, or at least access to a physician who does.

Yet true, independent research — the foundation upon which the modern medical system is supposed to be based — is becoming an increasingly rare commodity … if it’s not already extinct.

In a scathing expose in Scientific American,1 journalism professor Charles Seife shows very clearly how the pharmaceutical industry is funneling money to prominent research scientists conducting studies on their products, and no one – not the researchers, not their funding sources, not scientific institutions and not even the government – appears able (or willing) to stop it.

Massive Conflicts of Interest are Ruining Medical Science

It’s well known that studies funded by industry or conducted by researchers withindustry ties tend to favor corporate interests. That’s why it probably comes as no surprise that many so-called “experts” are very much on the drug industry’s payroll — but they masquerade as independent medical experts or even state officials during their “day jobs.”

It is, by the way, 100% legal for drug companies to pay medical professionals to promote their products.

The conflict of interest within this practice is obvious, which is why the drug industry often keeps quiet on their actual payments, as do the medical professionals involved. Although many medical, educational and research institutions require faculty members to disclose such potential conflicts of interest, many do not actively monitor employees’ activities.

Seife writes:

“The entanglements between researchers and pharmaceutical companies take many forms. There are speakers bureaus: a drugmaker gives a researcher money to travel — often first class — to gigs around the country, where the researcher sometimes gives a company-written speech and presents company-drafted slides. There is ghostwriting: a pharmaceutical manufacturer has an article drafted and pays a scientist (the ‘guest author’) an honorarium to put his or her name on it and submit it to a peer-reviewed journal. And then there is consulting: a company hires a researcher to render advice. Researchers ‘think what these companies are after are their brains, but they’re really after the brand,’ says Marcia Angell, former editor in chief of the New England Journal of Medicine. ‘To buy a distinguished, senior academic researcher, the kind of person who speaks at meetings, who writes textbooks, who writes journal articles — that’s worth 100,000 salespeople.'”

Are You Receiving Medical Advice That’s Been Tainted by Drug Company Money?

If you’ve visited a physician lately, the answer is quite likely “yes.” You see, the compromised research doesn’t simply stay in the medical journals … it often gets translated into your medical care. It is based on these purportedly scientific results that drugs get approved and public health recommendations are made.

Take Avandia, the diabetes drug that is now known to have killed tens of thousands of people and significantly increase the risk of heart attack and stroke. Research from the Mayo Clinic revealed that 90 percent of scientists who wrote favorable articles about the drug had financial ties to GlaxoSmithKline, the drug’s maker.2 A committee of independent experts still recommended that Avandia remain on the market, despite its clear risks, and a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) oversight board voted 8 to 7 to accept the advice.

Well, “it came out that members of the committee, too, had been taking money from drug companies,” Seife reported.

This is, of course, but one example. There are, unfortunately, countless others. Eight of the nine doctors on the panel that developed the 2004 cholesterol guidelines, which are still in use today, had been making money from the drug companies that manufacture statin cholesterol-lowering drugs — wouldn’t you know it, the same drugs the new guidelines suddenly created a dramatically larger market for in the United States.

Researchers and certainly those who sit on government panels are supposed to disclose these types of relationships with the drug industry, but they often don’t and little is done about it. According to the investigative report:

“Several layers of checking are supposed to ensure that conflicts of interest are caught and exposed even when an oblivious or dishonest researcher does not report them. When a scientist fails to report such a conflict, the university or hospital he or she works for is supposed to spot it and report it. And when a university or hospital is not doing its job catching conflicted research, then the government agency that funds most of that research — the National Institutes of Health — is supposed to step in. Unfortunately, that backup system is badly broken. “Institutions often look the other way, or they have policies in place that are quite weak,” says Adriane Fugh-Berman, a professor in Georgetown University’s department of pharmacology and physiology.”

The NIH May be One of the Worst Offenders…

Government funding is supposed to be neutral — an independent source from which unbiased scientific research can be drawn. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is actually the second-highest funding source for drug studies (first is the drug companies, themselves). Many assume NIH-funded studies are unbiased and funded strictly through taxpayer dollars, but NIH accepts a great deal of money from Big Pharma and is deeply enmeshed with the industry.

For instance, two leaders from the NIH — Gary Nabel, one of the NIH’s most prominent researchers in the Vaccine Research Center (VRC) and Elias Zerhouni, former director of the entire NIH) recently switched sides to work for Big Pharma (specifically, Sanofi). So this might help explain why Seife uncovered that several individuals working on NIH advisory committees were granted waivers exempting them from ethics laws (even though they had received thousands of dollars from drug companies, which were not disclosed on the waivers).

In the fall of 2003, the NIH — with Zerhouni at its head – also faced grave accusations when it came to light that hundreds of its scientists had financial ties to the medical and pharmaceutical industries. According to a 2004 article in the NIH Record, over 100 scientists did not get approval for their industry activities, even though the rules were so loose virtually all requests to conduct outside work were approved by the agency, without any limits on compensation or hours worked for outside entities.

The NIH is not unique in these ties. Joining a parade of other high-ranking government officials who passed through the revolving doors between government and Big Pharma, in January 2010 Julie Gerberding, former director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), which makes the U.S. immunization schedule, became the president of Merck’s vaccine unit, which makes 14 of the 17 pediatric vaccines recommended by the CDC, and 9 of the 10 recommended for adults.

Even Your Physician May be on the Drug Industry’s Payroll

I suspect many Americans would be surprised to learn that many thousands of doctors, researchers and other medical experts – some of whom you probably depend on to provide unbiased information and advice pertaining to your health care – receive large amounts of supplemental income from drug companies, but it is reality nonetheless.

In many cases, these individuals do not believe the relationship influences their medical advice, research or prescribing habits — although clearly the drug industry would not continue devoting millions of dollars to this type of marketing if it did not pay off. But even prominent researchers and expert physicians are often being influenced by the industry, whether they realize it or not.

I speak from experience because, in fact, I used to be one of those lecturers. I was hired as a “rising star” shortly after I finished my residency training in 1985 and flew across the country lecturing on estrogen replacement therapy, and receiving handsome checks from the drug companies for doing so.

I stopped this nearly 30 years ago when I realized that the entire approach was a scam. Fifteen years later all the major studies came out showing that estrogen replacement therapy radically increased heart disease and cancer, and did not prevent it like the drug industry’s manipulated studies suggested.

Currently there are tens of thousands of U.S. physicians and researchers who have replaced my lecturing role and are currently on Big Pharma’s payroll. An ongoing investigation by ProPublica3 revealed that 12 drug companies paid $$761.3 million to physicians for consulting, speaking, research and other expenses in 2009, 2010 and, for some, the beginning of 2011 — and that represents only the disclosed payments. In all actuality, this figure is probably far too low.

More Transparency in the Medical Field is Coming in 2013

Thanks to the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which starts in 2013, drug companies and medical device manufacturers will be required to reveal most of the money they are giving to physicians. Starting in 2013, you will be able to determine if a health care provider you trust is actually on the drug industry’s payroll, thanks to the new federal law, which mandates the following:

Drug and medical device companies will be required to report and disclose all payments (including stock options, research grants, knickknacks, consulting fees, travel expenses and more) to physicians (March 2013). Unfortunately, payments to nurses, physician assistants, and other medical professionals will not have to be disclosed

The information will be displayed in an online government database that you will be able to search (September 2013)

In the meantime, you can search ProPublica’s database4 to see the disclosed payments made to physicians in your state. Many of the most prestigious universities, including Harvard, are now banning their staff from receiving money from drug companies for speaking, and this new disclosure requirement will hopefully push more institutions in that direction.

Breaking the drug industry’s stranglehold on the conventional medical industry will not be easy — after all, the drug industry spends nearly twice as much on promotion5 as it does on research and development – but increasing numbers of people are now waking up to these harsh realities, and that is instrumental in getting the tide to turn. You, being among those who are informed, can help share this knowledge with others. More than 1.5 million people receive this newsletter, and together we can make a huge difference.

The ultimate goal is to have a critical mass of people refuse the unnecessarily dangerous and counterproductive solutions currently offered by conventional medicine, as this will be the powerful stimulus to generate authentic change. You can also act now, on a personal level, by making the necessary lifestyle changes that will allow you to take control of your health, instead of leaving it in the hands of the drug industry who has likely manipulated and deceived the physician you are consulting with.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/12/06/drug-company-money.aspx



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17331,"By Dr. Mercola

A slew of media reports encouraging you to eat more fish have surfaced lately, following the publication of a study on omega-3 fats and health. The research, published in The Annals of Internal Medicine,1 suggests that eating oily fish once or twice a week may increase your lifespan.

Naturally, there’s still the issue of environmental pollution and contamination, which was not addressed in this study. Do the benefits of eating fish really outweigh the risks of contamination?

In my view, I believe the benefits CAN outweigh the risks, provided you make really wise choices. There are few uncontaminated fish available these days so you need to know what to look for.

Needless to say, toxins like mercury and PCB will not do your health any favors.

Lately, I’ve shifted my own diet a bit, and am now eating three ounces of Wild Alaskan salmon about every other day. But this is really the ONLY fish I’ll eat on a regular basis, and the only one I feel comfortable recommending as a good source of healthful fats.

Higher Blood Levels of Omega-3 Associated with Longer Life Span

The featured study investigated how eating fatty fish affected health. Nearly 2,700 American seniors in their seventies were included in the study. None of them had prevalent coronary heart disease (CHD), stroke, or heart failure at the outset of the study.

Rather than rely on food diaries, the researchers measured blood levels of omega-3’s instead. Since none of the participants took omega-3 supplements, their levels were indicative of their omega-3 consumption primarily from fish.

Phospholipid fatty acid levels and cardiovascular risk factors were measured in 1992, and the relationships with mortality and incidents of fatal or non-fatal CHD and stroke were assessed through 2008 – a total of 16 years. According to the featured NPR article:2

“After controlling for factors like age, sex and lifestyle, the researchers found that, on average, adults with the highest blood levels of omega-3 fatty acids lived 2.2 years longer. In particular, these adults had a 35 percent lower risk of dying from cardiovascular disease – which is in line with other studies that have tied omega-3’s to cardiovascular benefits. Higher levels of fatty acids were most strongly associated with decreased risk of coronary heart disease and stroke.”

Compared to those in the lowest percentiles, those with omega-3 blood levels in the highest 20 percent were:

27 percent less likely to die of any cause

40 percent less likely to die of coronary heart disease, and

48 percent less likely to die of an arrhythmia

One drawback is that since it was not a randomized trial, the findings cannot prove causation, meaning there’s no way of telling whether higher omega-3 blood levels were solely responsible for the health effects. That said, there’s ample evidence that omega-3 is critical for optimal health, particularly cardiovascular health, so this research provides additional support for the value of optimizing your omega-3 intake.

In the following video, I interview Randy Hartnell, founder-president of Vital Choice Wild Seafood and Organics, about the differences between wild and farmed salmon. Hartnell spent more than 20 years as a commercial fisherman before forming his company in 2001, which features sustainably harvested wild salmon that are particularly low in heavy metals.

I’m a huge fan of their sockeye salmon, and Vital Choice salmon is about the only type of fish I eat, for reasons I’ll discuss below.

Download Interview Transcript

Beware, as Media Tries to Mislead You About Healthful Fish Choices

According to lead author Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, an associate professor of medicine at Harvard, the reason we need omega-3 is because 95 percent of your cells’ membranes are made of fat. Without fats such as omega-3, your cells cannot function properly. He recommends eating one or two servings of fatty fish per week to optimize your blood levels of omega-3. Interestingly enough, the New York Times3 gets quite specific about the types of fish recommended:

“…3.5 ounces of farmed salmon, 5 ounces of anchovies or herring, or 15 to 18 ounces of cod or catfish.”

Farmed salmon?

I think not… That is one of your WORST options, for a number of reasons that I will detail below. Cod and catfish also primarily come from aquatic fish farms these days. Unfortunately, fish farming has become big business, and a protected one at that. To learn more about this sad state of affairs, please see my recent article on the film Salmon Confidential, which details how salmon farms threaten the entire ecosystem in Canada’s British Columbia, and how the Canadian government is covering it up to protect the farming industry.

Let me put it to you plainly: If you want to maximize health benefits from fish, you want to steer clear of farmed fish, particularly farmed salmon, and even more specifically genetically engineered farmed salmon. On December 21, 2012, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) took a giant step closer toward the final approval of the first genetically engineered (GE) food animal – a salmon designed to grow abnormally fast,4 and to an unnaturally large size. It now appears the first GE fish could reach your dinner plate within the next year or two, unless a sufficiently strong opposition is mounted.

How to Identify Wild Salmon from Farm-Raised

Unfortunately, salmon are often mislabeled (and genetically engineered foods don’t require any labeling at all as of yet). Studies have shown that as much as 70 to 80 percent of the fish marked “wild” are actually farmed. This includes restaurants, where 90-95 percent of salmon is farmed, yet may be mis-listed on the menu as “wild.”

So how can you tell whether a salmon is wild or farm-raised? The flesh of wild sockeye salmon is bright red, courtesy of its natural astaxanthin content. It’s also very lean, so the fat marks, those white stripes you see in the meat, are very thin. If the fish is pale pink with wide fat marks, the salmon is farmed. Avoid Atlantic salmon, as typically salmon labeled “Atlantic Salmon” currently comes from fish farms.

The two designations you want to look for are: “Alaskan salmon,” and “sockeye salmon,” as Alaskan sockeye is not allowed to be farmed. So canned salmon labeled “Alaskan Salmon” is a good bet, and if you find sockeye salmon, it’s bound to be wild. Again, you can tell sockeye salmon from other salmon by its color; its flesh is bright red opposed to pink, courtesy of its superior astaxanthin content. Sockeye salmon actually has one of the highest concentrations of astaxanthin of any food.

Why Farmed Salmon is an Inferior Choice

As the first video discusses, there are three major differences between wild-caught and farmed salmon, and once you realize how different the fish are, based on how they were raised, you’ll see why opting for the cheaper alternative isn’t the wisest choice – especially if you’re seeking to improve your omega-3 to omega-6 ratio:

1. Nutritional content – Wild salmon swim around in the wild, eating what nature programmed them to eat. Therefore, their nutritional profile is more complete, with micronutrients, fats, minerals, vitamins, and antioxidants like astaxanthin (which gives salmon its pink, or in the case of sockeye, red-colored, flesh.)

Farmed salmon, on the other hand, are fed an artificial diet consisting of grain products like corn and soy (most of which is genetically modified), along with chicken and feather meal, artificial coloring, and synthetic astaxanthin, which is not approved for human consumption, but is permitted to be used in fish feed.

Mother Nature never intended fish to eat these things, and as a consequence of this radically unnatural diet, the nutritional content of their flesh is also altered, and not for the better. Farmed salmon taste different than wild-caught, and much of it has to do with the altered fat ratio, which is dramatically different. Farmed salmon contain far more omega-6, courtesy of their grain-based diet.

The ratio of omega-3 to omega-6 fat of wild salmon is far superior to farmed. Wild salmon typically has 600 to 1,000 percent more omega-3s compared to omega-6s. So whereas farmed salmon has a 1 to 1 ratio of omega-3s and omega-6s – again due to its “junk food” diet – the ratio for wild sockeye salmon is between 6 and 9 to 1. This is important, because if you’re trying to improve your omega-3 to omega-6 balance, you simply will not accomplish it with farmed salmon.



2. Fish Health – Wild salmon return to their native spawning grounds each year, without you having to do anything, while farmed salmon are kept in pens. Naturally, fish swimming in the wild get more exercise, and this alone make wild fish healthier than their incarcerated counterparts. As explained by Tony Farrell5 with the University of British Columbia Zoology department, fish kept in constrained environments become the aquatic version of “couch potatoes,” with similar health consequences as humans face when we don’t exercise enough.

Recent research6 has shown that survival rates of fish that have received sufficient exercise is 13 percent higher than the “couch potato” controls, and the exercise-conditioned fish had better growth, and stronger immune systems, courtesy of certain gene activations.



3. Environment – Nearly 99 percent of farmed salmon are raised in net pens in the open ocean. All the excess food that is dropped in ends up going out in the environment – the genetically engineered ingredients, the pesticides, the antibiotics and chemical additives. Anything the fish do not consume, along with all their now unnatural waste products, end up contaminating the environment. To learn more about the many hazards of fish farming, check out FarmedAndDangerous.org.7

There’s also the vegetarian or vegan ethical aspect. Wild sockeye salmon are the vegetarians of the salmon world. Their diet consists of krill, plankton and algae, and they are caught at the very end of their life cycle. By the time they enter the fishing grounds, they’ve lived 95 percent of their natural life in the wild. At the end of their life, they fight their way up-river to spawn, after which they die a natural death – unless they’re caught by fishermen or get eaten by some other predator.

Lethal Salmon Virus Found in Every Region with Installed Salmon Farms

According to whistleblower Dr. Rick Rutledge, professor and fisheries statistician at Simon Fraser University in Canada, wild river inlet sockeye have been found to be infected with Infectious Salmon Anemia Virus (ISA), also known as salmon influenza. This highly lethal and much-feared virus is directly attributed to farmed salmon, and has proliferated in every region across the globe where Atlantic salmon farms have been installed.

At least 11 species of fish in the British Columbia’s Fraser River have also been found to be infected with ISA, yet the Canadian food inspection agency has aggressively refuted the findings. In fact, everyone who has spoken up about these salmon viruses, which can be traced back to salmon farms, have been shut down in some way or another. By muzzling scientists looking into this problem, the Canadian government is allowing potentially contaminated farm-raised salmon to be sold, exported, and consumed, which is yet another reason to avoid farmed salmon.

In fact, Canadian farmed salmon purchased in various stores and sushi restaurants around British Columbia have tested positive for at least three different salmon viruses, including ISA, salmon alphaviruses, and Piscine reovirus, which gives salmon a heart attack and prevents them from swimming up river. Aside from the unknown effects on human health from eating salmon with lethal fish viruses, these contaminated farmed salmon may also pose a threat to local watersheds far from the site of origination, as viruses are preserved by cold so when you wash the fish the viruses get flushed down your drain…

This is a Flash-based video and may not be viewable on mobile devices.

The Best and Worst Fish to Eat in Terms of Environmental Toxins

Interestingly enough, and fortunately for us, the types of fish that tend to suffer the least amount of toxic contamination also happen to be some of the best sources of fat and antioxidants. So, by choosing wisely, the benefits of a diet high in fish can still outweigh the risks.

Most major waterways in the world are contaminated with mercury, heavy metals, and chemicals like dioxins, PCBs, and other agricultural chemicals that wind up in the environment. However, the risk of authentic wild-caught Alaskan sockeye salmon accumulating high amounts of mercury and other toxins is reduced because of its short life cycle, which is only about three years. Additionally, bioaccumulation of toxins is also reduced by the fact that it doesn’t feed on other, already contaminated, fish.

If you still want to take precautions, you can do what I do: Whenever I eat fish, I eat it with chlorella tablets. The chlorella is a potent mercury binder and if taken with fish will help bind the mercury before your body can absorb it, so it can be safely excreted in your stool.

Other fish with short lifecycles also tend to be better alternatives in terms of fat content, so it’s a win-win situation – lower contamination risk and higher nutritional value. A general guideline is that the closer to the bottom of the food chain the fish is, the less contamination it will have accumulated. This includes:

Sardines

Anchovies

Herring

If you insist on eating typical, store-bought fish and want to know more about the extent of your mercury exposure, I urge you to check out the online mercury calculator8 at GotMercury.org to get an idea of the risks. Additionally, as mentioned above, you may want to consider taking natural mercury chelators with any fish dinner. This includes zeolite (green clay), chlorella, and fermented vegetables. Larger fish, which tend to live longer and have the highest contamination levels and should be avoided include (please note this is not an exhaustive listing):

Tuna (tuna steaks, sushi, and canned)

Sea bass and largemouth bass

Marlin

Halibut

Pike

Walleye

Shark

Sword fish

White croaker

Enjoy Your Fish, But Choose Wisely!

Fish has always been the best source for the animal-based omega-3 fats EPA and DHA, but as levels of pollution have increased, this treasure of a food has become less and less viable as a primary source of healthful fats. However, there are still exceptions, and the key is to understand which types of fish are the least contaminated.

I strongly recommend buying wild fish, and Wild Alaskan salmon is in my opinion one of the absolute best, both in terms of nutrition and potential contamination.

Remember, fish farms are the aquatic version of a confined animal feeding operation (CAFO), and just like land-based cattle and chicken farms, fish farms breed disease due to crowding too many fish together in a small space. They also produce toxic waste, and fish of inferior quality. These fish are further contaminated by drugs and genetically engineered corn and soy meal feed, and in the case of salmon, synthetic astaxanthin, which is made from petrochemicals that are not approved for human consumption.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/04/15/wild-alaskan-salmon.aspx



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
50607,"by Dr. Mercola

The highest-quality research data available shows that long-term exposure to microwaves from cell phones can lead to an increased risk of brain tumors.

Researchers performed an in-depth analysis of research on the health risks associated with cell phone radiation exposure. To date, eleven published studies have provided data on the risk of developing […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17403,"Homeschool mom Hildy Straightiff took her two daughters (ages 12 and 13) to a hospital in Ohio because their ketone levels had become too high. Both of her daughters suffer from Type 1 diabetes and are at risk for Diabetic Ketoacidosis, requiring them to watch their ketone levels. While in the hospital, Child Protection Services in Clinton County had a judge remove custody of her two daughters, and she was not allowed back into the hospital. The girls' grandparents were allowed to stay in the hospital for a couple of days, but then both girls were separated and taken to different foster homes, to live in a place where they had never been before with people they had never met, while the grandparents and parents helplessly watched their lives take a dramatic turn. Hildy Straightiff was told she had ""mental health problems"" and was not able to take care of her diabetic daughters. In order for the father to receive permission to bring his daughters home, CPS ordered the mother, Hildy, to leave their home. Hildy had a visit with her daughters on August 3, 2015 and said that her oldest daughter Taylor was in tears when she said, “Mommy, I hope that someone will help so we can be together again.”",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43802,"Gwen Olsen, author of Confessions of an Rx Drug Pusher, sheds light on the relationship between the FDA and the major pharmaceutical companies. www.GwenOlsen.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43827,"Absolute proof is strictly the domain of logicians. In mathematics, for example, once a theorem is proven it is proven for all time and all circumstances. Mathematical proof is absolute. Mathematics, however, is not science. This is a point about which many are confused. Mathematics is a language used by science, but is not itself a science. Mathematical proof and scientific proof are not the same thing at all. Scientific proof is not really proof at all, in the mathematical sense, but is either verification or disproof. Since scientists deal with a universe that is not of their own creation, they cannot prove their laws absolutely as can mathematicians. Although scientists use the term “scientific proof,” what they really mean is that a particular hypothesis has been verified or disproved. They don’t mean “proof” in the mathematical sense.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32864,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

The medical theory of “shaken baby syndrome” (SBS) is quickly losing credibility, with many doctors, scientists, and attorneys now speaking out against SBS and the fact that innocent parents have been falsely accused of child abuse. Courts are now re-trying some cases based on testimonies from these doctors and professionals, and some cases have recently been over-turned.

The medical profession is fighting back. The reasons are quite obvious. To admit that the theory behind SBS is false, would open the door to major litigation, as the theory has been used to convict thousands of parents of child abuse, and to perhaps remove tens of thousands of children from their homes and families. There is also massive federal funding available to seize these children, making them an asset to the state.

So the apparent strategy of the medical profession is to attack those doctors now testifying against SBS on behalf of innocent parents, destroying their credibility and license to practice. Without their expert testimony, it will be much more difficult to fight false SBS convictions.

The latest effort along that front is the action the British General Medical Council has taken against world renowned pediatric neuropathologist Dr. Waney Squier, who has now had her career effectively destroyed for testifying to the truth.

World Renowned Neuropathologist has Career Destroyed for Disproving Shaken Baby Syndrome

by Christina England

Health Impact News

On Friday, March 11, 2016, the General Medical Council (GMC) found UK pediatric neuropathologist and expert defense witness, Dr. Waney Squier, guilty of “misleading her peers, being irresponsible, dishonest and bringing the reputation of the medical profession into disrepute.”

In a nutshell, she was found guilty of disagreeing with the medical establishment over the “science” behind diagnosing shaken baby syndrome, and speaking out on behalf of innocent parents.

Considered to be the country’s leading scientist in the field of pediatric neuropathology, Dr. Squier has worked as a consultant at the John Radcliffe Hospital for 32 years. Until 15 years ago, she vehemently supported and adhered to the mainstream belief that when a medical professional suspects that an infant has been violently shaken, they must examine the baby for the “triad” of injuries believed to be associated with shaken baby syndrome (SBS).

However, after studying and examining the scientific underpinnings of what is only, after all, a theory, Dr. Squier began to develop doubts which led her to express her ever-increasing scientific skepticism.

Other Professionals Agree with Dr. Squier – Consider SBS Theory “Junk Science”

Over the years, a growing number of professionals have turned their back on the original SBS theories in favor of science. Experts now believe that there are a range of other conditions and circumstances that can cause the triad of injuries to occur.

Explaining why the original SBS hypothesis is out of date and currently viewed as junk science by a growing number of professionals, Dr. Uscinski, a neurosurgeon based out of Maryland, tells Health Impact News:

The proffered ‘science’ by the advocates of the hypothesis of shaking is anything but simple, and actually defies the very principles of Newtonian physics also articulated by Newton in his ‘Principia,’ the cardinal one being the relationship between force, mass, and acceleration, or simply put ‘f = ma.’ This has been demonstrated experimentally on more than one occasion, and one does not require any more than a high school education in basic physics to understand this concept, and it is also known that one year of such basic physics (including the principles of Newtonian physics) is a prerequisite for entry into medical school, so it is not beyond Prof. Squiers realm of expertise. Moreover, the observation of one simple act performed with infants of every culture around the globe, this being the method of picking up a tiny infant weeks or months old from the supine position, is significant here. This is simply that the individual doing the lifting carefully places a hand behind the infant’s head and neck. Again, this is done universally, and is a human instinct. Why do we do this? We do this for the simple reason that the human infant neck musculature, ligamentous, and bone structure is insufficient to support the infant head for about the first four months of life. If one were to shake such an infant vigorously it is clear that the damage would be to the neck, not the head.

Bearing this in mind, we have to ask ourselves why it is that the majority of SBS cases that are being examined in court today show no evidence of any neck or back trauma to the child.

Clive Stafford Smith, a human rights lawyer states:

Shaken baby syndrome is not a medical diagnosis to be treated but, almost uniquely, it a doctor’s opinion that a crime has been committed. I have represented a number of people who have been sentenced to death based on this ‘theory’ although increasingly the evidence suggests that it is unscientific nonsense. Justice demands that a doctor who honestly holds views supported by scientific evidence be permitted to give testimony that challenges the hypotheses of others. After all, Galileo Galilei was forbidden from saying that the Earth revolved around the Sun 400 years ago. Unfortunately it took until 1982 before Pope John Paul II conceded the Catholic church had been wrong.

Setting aside the devastating personal impact on Dr. Squier, Smith continues:

I am most troubled by the effect of this process on the delivery of justice in this country and around the world. Hundreds if not thousands of parents or carers have been condemned, or lost custody of their children, when the medical profession has diagnosed a crime. Today, unqualified though they may be, the panel announced that the GMC will brook no scientific dissent.

This is absolutely true and if the decision of the GMC is to strike Dr. Squier’s name off the medical register, thus making her unable to practice medicine. The world will have lost a wonderful scientist and advocate for parents. Sadly, this will leave many parents without a defense expert and potentially facing years in prison for a crime they did not commit.

Are the General Medical Council Members Qualified to Rule on SBS, or Was This Simply a “Witch Hunt”?

As letters of support flood into the GMC from professionals around the world, the consensus is that Dr. Squier’s case is little more than a witch hunt designed to destroy an excellent professional’s credibility whilst continuing to promote the out-of-date theories and junk science that currently exists.

One professional, Dr. Steven C. Gabaeff, a UCLA graduate with 40 years of history as an emergency room physician, commented on the fact that the adjudicating panel consisted of a retired RAF officer, a retired policeman and a retired community psychiatrist. He tells Health Impact News:

The use of the 3 non-medical people in this case to adjudicate this case would be not much better than 3 monkeys listening to a lecture about the neuropathophysiology of the human brain, with and without injury, and hitting a button to convict when the talking stops, AS directed by their handlers. The GMC and MPTS should be ashamed of themselves for creating this biased and ignorant panel, with no understanding of the issues; most likely a fraudulent set-up to destroy one of Britain’s, and the world’s, greatest assets in the fight against false accusations, and world leader in her field, by any standard applied. This is the most base act in this arena that is possible (the destruction of brilliance), perpetrated by people (the medical accusers) trapped in their own misbeliefs and past misdiagnoses, not much better than witch hunters, whose professional lives, if the truth were to emerge, would be covered with the tears and pain of destroyed families they have destroyed with their false accusations, arrogance, narcissism, delusions of grandeur, and sociopathic impacts on the falsely accused families of this small world we live in. It seems clear that the unqualified members of the MPTS panel could not have written the decision, so who did? The real purpose of this injustice it seems, is an attempt to maintain the status quo, by the handlers, for reasons that are primarily self preservation for the accuser’s past sins.. so many sins… so many families and innocent children damaged by this extraordinarily unscientific process.

Furthermore in a letter written to the GMC in support of Dr. Squier, Dr. Steven C. Gabaeff, wrote:

The attacks on those bringing and shining light onto alternative etiologies of the findings misused to misdiagnose abuse, is a response to a threat to establishment thinking and the establishment itself. The challenges to existing dogma come from many quarters now and from many medical specialists with more knowledge and academic standing than the establishment MDs. The challengers have brought forth alternative thinking about the etiology of the findings misused to diagnose abuse. This strategy of falsely accusing highly respected, leaders in their field who do not agree with their now doubtful, if not unproven, or false hypothesis, is not new. To those with limited or essentially no knowledge of the deep nuances of child abuse pediatrics, the beliefs of the establishment would be, to start, assumed to be true. The alliance of the child abuse establishment’s medical providers, the prosecutors of child abuse, the special units of police assigned to these matters, is both massive and powerful. The establishment predictably is taken seriously by almost everyone. In the 45 years since the early pediatrician created hypotheses that lie at the core of the fund of knowledge of child abuse pediatrics, hypotheses which were never true, went unchallenged for years. So long a period, that there was enough time to give both the doctors and the theories unwarranted credulity within the legal paradigm, where results of past cases is given weight. In retrospect, these hypotheses, representing evolving science, were never subject to any testing that followed a valid scientific methodology. Anecdotal evidence, low grade observations studies, and a definitively unscientific belief structure, have been, and are, offered as validation for their unproven hypotheses to this day.

Dr. Michael Powers, QC, a foremost expert in medico-legal issues writes:

Without intending any disrespect, the GMC tribunal – made up of a retired RAF officer, a retired policeman and a retired community psychiatrist – is not qualified to understand the complex pathology of the developing brain. It is therefore sad, but not surprising, that they have reached the wrong conclusion. The proper forum for debating these issues is the international neuroscience community.

Supreme Irony: Dr. Squire to Receive “Champion of Justice Award” from 69 Organizations Around the World

Dr. John Plunkett, who has pioneered vital work on the validity of shaken baby syndrome in the United States states:

It is a supreme irony that the Innocence Network will give Dr. Squier the 2016 ‘Champion of Justice Award’ at the meeting in San Antonio on April 8. This is a group of 69 organizations from around the world including the UK. There have been at least 300 exonerations of those wrongly convicted of serious crimes, including some people for whom Dr. Squier has been an important expert. How is it that the Innocence Network can give this award to Dr. Squier if the GMC has correctly characterized her behavior as dishonest and worthy of sanction? (Source.)

Parents Exonerated from Crimes they did not Commit Speak Out

Through the tireless efforts of Dr. Squier, scores of innocent parents have been able to keep their children and avoid lengthy prison sentences. Last night, one shocked mother of a prisoner awaiting appeal told Health Impact News that:

My son’s solicitors were going to use her if he gets an appeal. It looks like that will go out the window now.

And another devastated mother, Dr. Bergina Brickhouse who had used Dr. Squier in her case, wrote:

If it were not for Dr. Squier’s intelligent research and unwavering commitment to truth, my family and I would have been left at the mercy of ignorant medical staff that did not conduct a thorough investigation of my son’s case. I am forever grateful for her and my heart aches at the injustice she is enduring.

Being found guilty of a crime that you did not commit can lead to extremely tragic consequences, as more and more parents are left desperate, frightened and alone with no one to turn to. Only recently, we saw two parents take their own lives after being falsely accused of killing their children and facing life sentences as child murderers for a crime they did not commit. Listen to this broadcast for details.

For more information on SBS read Dr. Gabaeff’s paper titled:

See Also:

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23776,"Health Impact News Editor Comment: Now that the dangers of the deadly Gardasil vaccine are getting so much media exposure, it will be interesting to see what happens from injured victims in countries other than the U.S. In the U.S. of course, the pharmaceutical companies have legal immunity thanks to a Supreme Court decision earlier this year that upheld a law preventing anyone from suing them.

by Anthony Gucciardi

Activist Post

When one Australian woman decided to lead the charge against Gardasil maker Merck after experiencing serious adverse reactions, she soon found another 7 Victorian women with similar intentions and experiences. Naomi Snell, a resident of Melbourne, Australia, suffered an auto-immune and neurological attack after being injected with the HPV shot Gardasil. After reading about a Sydney neurologist who exposed Gardasil as a potential cause of MS-like symptoms, Snell realized that Gardasil could be behind her recent health ailments.

She made a timeline of her declining health using reports from her doctor and physiotherapist. What she found was that the events unfolded right after she had received the Gardasil vaccine. At 28 years of age, Snell lost her ability to walk, suffered from crippling back and neck pain, and experienced convulsions that put her life on hold for 2 years. The health issues started soon after receiving the HPV shot in July 2008.

I never attributed it to my vaccine so I went back for my second and third dose, Ms Snell said. My doctors said I was a case for Dr House. They were baffled.

After launching the class action lawsuit against Merck, 7 Victorian women considered joining the case after experiencing similar reactions to the Gardasil vaccine. One woman linked the Gardasil injection to her miscarriage, which occurred afterwards in her local supermarket.

Gardasil has led to thousands of adverse reactions and even death

Naomi Snell is not the first Gardasil recipient to develop adverse reactions. In fact, many before her have actually died as a result of the Gardasil vaccine.

The Gardasil vaccine has a very questionable timeline, riddled with corruption and devastating side effects. Shockingly, the HPV shot led to 3,589 harmful reactions and 16 deaths between May 2009 and September 2010 alone. Of the 3,589 adverse reactions, many were debilitating. Permanent disability was the result of 213 cases; 25 resulted in the diagnosis of Guillain-Barre Syndrome; there were 789 other “serious” reports according to FDA documents.

Merck of course makes no mention of this in their deceptive advertisements, leading consumers to think that the vaccine is safe.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.activistpost.com/2011/11/gardasil-victims-take-legal-action.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32918,"by Dr. Mercola

Eighty-seven percent of U.S. adults say they like onions,1 which is great news since they’re one of the healthiest foods you can eat. Rich in vitamin C, sulphuric compounds, flavonoids, and other phytochemicals,2 an onion a day may help keep the doctor away.

Onions are surprisingly high in beneficial polyphenols, which play an important role in preventing and reducing the progression of diabetes, cancer, and neurodegenerative and cardiovascular diseases.

Polyphenols also play an important role as a prebiotic, increasing the ratio of beneficial bacteria in your gut, which is important for health, weight management, and disease prevention.

Onions contain more polyphenols than even garlic or leeks, and are one of the best sources of a type of polyphenol called flavonoids, especially the flavonoid quercetin.

Onions Provide Disease-Fighting Quercetin

Quercetin is a powerful antioxidant with anti-inflammatory properties that may help fight chronic diseases like heart disease and cancer. In lab studies, quercetin was shown to prevent histamine release (histamines are the chemicals that cause allergic reactions.3

This makes quercetin-rich foods like onions “natural antihistamines.” In addition, quercetin may:4

Reduce the risk of atherosclerosis

Help prevent death from heart disease

Reduce blood pressure

Relieve symptoms of interstitial cystitis

Reduce symptoms of prostatitis

Inhibit the growth of cancer cells from breast, colon, prostate, ovarian, endometrial and lung tumors

Lower lung cancer risk, especially among smokers

While apples and tea also contain quercetin, onions appear to be a particularly good source. Research from Wageningen Agricultural University in the Netherlands showed quercetin absorption from onions is double that from tea and three times that from apples.5

Research from the University also showed consuming onions leads to increased quercetin concentrations in the blood. As reported by The World’s Healthiest Foods:6

“… [O]n an ounce-for-ounce basis, onions rank in the top 10 of commonly eaten vegetables in their quercetin content. The flavonoid content of onions can vary widely, depending on the exact variety and growing conditions. Although the average onion is likely to contain less than 100 milligrams of quercetin per 3-1/2 ounces, some onions do provide this amount. And while 100 milligrams may not sound like a lot, in the United States, moderate vegetable eaters average only twice this amount for all flavonoids (not just quercetin) from all vegetables per day.”

Quercetin is available in supplement form, but there are a couple of reasons why getting this flavonoid from onions makes more sense:7

One animal study found that animals received greater protection against oxidative stress when they consumed yellow onion in their diet as opposed to consuming quercetin extracts.

Quercetin is not degraded by low-heat cooking, such as simmering. When preparing a soup with onions, the quercetin will be transferred into the broth of the soup, making onion soup an easy-to-make superfood.

Onions Provide the Valuable Prebiotic Inulin and May Help Prevent Ulcers

Prebiotics are indigestible to you, but they help nourish beneficial bacteria in your body. These beneficial bacteria in turn assist with digestion and absorption of your food, and play a significant role in your immune function. One such prebiotic is inulin, a water-soluble form of dietary fiber that’s found in onions.8

Inulin has multiple benefits to your health. Among obese women, consuming inulin beneficially changed the gut microbiota composition in a way that might help promote weight loss or lower the risk of diabetes.9

Further, among women with type 2 diabetes, those who took inulin had improved glycemic control and increased antioxidant activity.10 Inulin may even help relieve constipation.11 Flavonoid-rich foods like onions may also inhibit the growth of H. pylori, a type of bacteria responsible for most ulcers.12

Up to 20 percent of Americans over the age of 40 have H. pylori living in their digestive tract, although most will not develop ulcers. Eating onions and other flavonoid-rich foods may lower your risk further.

What Else Are Onions Good For?

Onions, which are very popular in French cuisine, are thought to play a role in the so-called “French Paradox” — the low incidence of heart disease among the French, despite their relatively high-calorie diet.

The sulfur compounds in onions, for instance, are thought to have anti-clotting properties as well as help to lower cholesterol and triglycerides. The allium and allyl disulphide in onions have also been found to decrease blood vessel stiffness by releasing nitric oxide.

This may reduce blood pressure, inhibit platelet clot formation and help decrease the risk of coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular diseases and stroke. The quercetin in onions is also beneficial, offering both antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that may boost heart health.

Further, as reported by the National Onion Association, onions are considered a dietary anti-carcinogen:13

“The inhibitory effects of onion consumption on human carcinoma have been widely researched … In a review on the effects of quercetin … persons in the highest consumption category versus the lowest had a 50 percent reduced risk of cancers of the stomach and alimentary and respiratory tracts. Organosulfur compounds [in onions] such as diallyl disulfide (DDS), S-allylcysteine (SAC), and S-methylcysteine (SMC) have been shown to inhibit colon and renal carcinogenesis. … Mechanisms of protection ranged from induced cancer cell apoptosis and gene transcription inhibition to protection against UV-induced immunosuppression.”

The many phytochemicals and other nutrients in onions work together to provide synergistic health benefits that reach body-wide. For instance, research has show including onions in your diet may offer the following benefits:14

Prevent inflammatory processes associated with asthma

Reduce symptoms associated with diabetes

Lower levels of cholesterol and triglycerides

Reduce symptoms associated with osteoporosis and improve bone health

Maintain gastrointestinal health by sustaining beneficial bacteria

Diminish replication of HIV

Reduced risk of neurodegenerative disorders

Lower your risk of cataract formation

Antimicrobial properties that may help reduce the rate of food-borne illness

Improvement of intestinal flora, improved absorption of calcium and magnesium due to the fructans they contain

Antibacterial and antifungal properties

Lower risk of certain cancers

Be Careful Not to ‘Overpeel’ Onions

When removing the outer skin of an onion, take care to remove as little as possible. The outer layers of the flesh are thought to be the most nutritious, including concentrating the highest amounts of flavonoids.15 As reported by the George Mateljan Foundation:16

“The flavonoids in onion tend to be more concentrated in the outer layers of the flesh. To maximize your health benefits, peel off as little of the fleshy, edible portion as possible when removing the onion’s outermost paper layer. Even a small amount of ‘overpeeling’ can result in unwanted loss of flavonoids. For example, a red onion can lose about 20 percent of its quercetin and almost 75 percent of its anthocyanins if it is ‘overpeeled.'”

If you find it difficult to accomplish this because you’re trying to chop your onion as quickly as possible to avoid “crying,” there are tricks that may help. Onions release a gas called lachrymatory factor (LF), which causes tearing. To lessen the rate of LF production, try chilling the onion for an hour before cutting.17

How to Prepare Different Types of Onions

If learning about their health benefits has inspired you to eat more onions, you’re in luck as they are incredibly versatile and come in a variety of colors and flavors. The chart below, from the National Onion Association,18provides an excellent breakdown of which type of onion to use in your cooking.

Yellow Onion:

All-purpose and most popular, approximately 87 percent of the U.S. onion crop is comprised of yellow varieties. The most well-known sweet onions are yellow. The best type of onion for caramelizing is a yellow storage variety. Cooking brings out this variety’s nutty, mellow, often sweet, quality when caramelized.

Variety or Type – Availability – Raw Flavor/Texture – Best Usage

Sweet – March to September – Crisp, juicy, mild flavor with a slightly sweet ending with little to no after-taste – Raw, lightly cooked, sautéed, or grilled

Fresh, Mild – March to August – Crisp, juicy, mild to slightly pungent with a faint after-taste – Raw, lightly cooked, sautéed, or grilled

Storage – August to May – Strong onion flavor, mild after-taste – Grilled, sautéed, caramelized, baked, or roasted

Source: National Onion Association, All About Onions

Red Onion:

About 8 percent of the U.S. onion crop is red. They have gained popularity in the past decade, especially in food service on salads and sandwiches because of their color.

Variety or Type – Availability – Raw Flavor/Texture – Best Usage

Sweet – March to September – Crisp, very mild onion flavor – Raw, grilled, or roasted

Fresh, Mild – March to September – Bright tones, slightly less water content than yellow with a slightly pungent ending – Raw, grilled, or roasted

Storage – August to May – Sharp, spicy, and moderate to very pungent – Raw, grilled, or roasted

Source: National Onion Association, All About Onions

White Onion:

Approximately 5 percent of U.S. onion production is dedicated to white onions. They are commonly used in white sauces, potato and pasta salads, and in Mexican or Southwest cuisine. Due to the compact nature of their cell structure, white onions do not store quite as long as other varieties.

Variety or Type – Availability – Raw Flavor/Texture – Best Usage

Fresh, Mild – March to August – Moderately pungent and clean finish, very little after-taste – Raw, grilled, sautéed, or lightly cooked

Storage – August to May – Moderately pungent to very pungent and full flavored, but finishes with a cleaner and crisper flavor in comparison to yellow and red storage varieties – Raw, grilled, sautéed, or lightly cooked

Source: National Onion Association, All About Onions





Sources and References",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17305,"Dr. Paul Thomas, M.D. is a board-certified fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics who resides in Oregon. He took time out to attend the public hearing before the Oregon Senate Committee on Health Care, regarding Bill SB 442. This bill was written by Oregon State Senator and physician Elizabeth Steiner Hayward, and seeks to remove all philosophical and religious exemptions to vaccines in the State of Oregon. Dr. Paul stated that this bill, as it is written, is ""a travesty."" He stated: ""We need to protect our children and preserve the right for freedom of choice, and the right to give informed consent when your child is about to get a vaccine."" In testimony before the Senate Committee, Dr. Paul stated that he does not give every vaccine to every child in his practice, and as a result, he has over 1000 children in his practice over the age of 3, and NONE of them have autism. The rest of the country is seeing a rate of about one out of 50 children on the autism spectrum. He states that the ""science is not settled"" linking too many vaccines to autism, and that doctors like himself should not be coerced by bills like this one proposed in Oregon to give up the right to informed consent in regards to vaccines.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32769,"By Dr. Mercola

In the United States, Alzheimer’s disease is currently at epidemic proportions, with 5.4 million Americans—including one in eight people aged 65 and over—living with the disease, according to the Alzheimer’s Association’s 2011 Alzheimer’s Disease Facts and Figures.

By 2050, this is expected to jump to 16 million, and in the next 20 years, it is projected that Alzheimer’s will affect one in four Americans, rivaling the current prevalence of obesity and diabetes.

There is still no known cure for this devastating disease, and very few treatments. Alzheimer’s drugs are often of little to no benefit at all, which underscores the importance of prevention throughout your lifetime.

Research repeatedly suggests the best hope for patients lies in prevention through optimal diet, exercise and staying socially and mentally active. As recently reported by Forbes:

“[A] new study in Science suggested that last year’s ‘breakthrough’ pharmaceutical, bexarotene (Targretin) – a cancer drug that had initially received wide publicity for helping break up the plaques in Alzheimer’s – doesn’t seem to do this very well at all, and can have significant adverse side effects for the patient. ‘Something happened in that initial report – either something technically or otherwise, which we can’t put our hands on at this point in time,” study author Sangram Sisodia told US News & World Report. ‘Something is seriously wrong.’

While memory loss is common among Westerners, it is NOT a “normal” part of aging. Research has shown that even mild “senior moments” are caused by the same brain lesions associated with Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of dementia. These cognitive changes are by no means inevitable!

People who experience very little decline in their cognitive function up until their deaths have been found (post-mortem) to be free of brain lesions, showing that it’sentirely possible to prevent the damage from occurring in the first place. At the end of this article, I share my best tips for maintaining healthy brain function well into old age.

In recent years, researchers studying natural compounds have offered new hope. For example, two recent studies suggest that compounds in cinnamon, as well as vitamins B12, B6, and folate may delay the onset and/or slow progression of the disease.

The Promise of Cinnamon and Vitamins in the Fight Against Alzheimer’s Disease

The first study in question, published in the Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease,found that cinnamaldehyde and epicatechin, two compounds found in cinnamon, have an inhibitory effect on the aggregation of a particular protein called tau. Tau plays a large role in the structure and function of neurons.

But while a normal part of cell structures, this protein can begin to accumulate, forming “neurofibrillary tangles” that are a hallmark of Alzheimer’s disease. Both compounds were found to protect tau from oxidative damage that can lead to dysfunction.

Donald Graves, adjunct professor in UCSB’s Department of Molecular, Cellular, and Developmental Biology and co-author of the study explained the protective process to Medical News Today:

“‘Take, for example, sunburn, a form of oxidative damage. If you wore a hat, you could protect your face and head from the oxidation. In a sense this cinnamaldehyde is like a cap. While it can protect the tau protein by binding to its vulnerable cysteine residues, it can also come off,’ Graves added, which can ensure the proper functioning of the protein.”

It’s interesting to note that there’s a high correlation between type 2 diabetes and Alzheimer’s disease. Some even believe Alzheimer’s may be a form of brain diabetes. Insulin and insulin receptors in your brain are crucial for learning and memory, and it’s known that these components are lower in people with Alzheimer’s disease.

In addition to the above findings, cinnamon has also been found to have beneficial effects on blood glucose management in type 2 diabetics. This is one of the reasons I include cinnamon in my healthy coconut candy recipe.

B Vitamins Again Show Promise in Alzheimer’s Prevention

The other study, published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, found that vitamins B6, B12, and folic acid may help slow the progression of the disease, confirming and supporting previous studies. As reported in the featured article:

“The fact that B-family vitamins may play a significant role in dementia, or more specifically in warding it off has been consistently illustrated. What is news from the current study, however, is that high-dose B-vitamin treatment in people at risk for the disease ‘slowed shrinkage of whole brain volume,’ and especially reduced shrinkage in areas known to be affected in Alzheimer’s disease.”

The 156 study participants, all of whom were over the age of 70, were diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment. This, along with midlife hypertension, midlife obesity and diabetes, is a known risk factor for Alzheimer’s. One group of participants received a placebo while the other received high-dose B-vitamin treatment consisting of:

0.8 mg folic acid

20 mg vitamin B6

0.5 mg vitamin B12

It is important to note that vitamin B12 comes in many forms and it is typically injected because it is not absorbed well by most people, especially in the elderly who need it most. This is due to it being one of the largest vitamins known. The most common form is cyanocobalamin but a better from would be methylcobalamin. A better alternative to B12 injections would also be sublingual sprays, which are absorbed very similarly to the injections.

The treatment effectively slowed shrinkage of the whole brain volume over the course of two years. It also reduced, by as much as seven-fold, the cerebral atrophy in certain brain regions that are particularly vulnerable to damage associated with Alzheimer’s disease. Another major boon: The supplements cost less than 50 cents a day and are readily available in pharmacies and health-food stores. In the placebo group, higher homocysteine levels at baseline were associated with faster atrophy in these same regions. According to the researchers:

“We… show that the beneficial effect of B vitamins is confined to participants with high homocysteine… and that, in these participants, a causal Bayesian network analysis indicates the following chain of events: B vitamins lower homocysteine, which directly leads to a decrease in gray matter atrophy, thereby slowing cognitive decline. Our results show that B-vitamin supplementation can slow the atrophy of specific brain regions that are a key component of the AD process and that are associated with cognitive decline.”

Dr. A. David Smith, professor emeritus of pharmacology at Oxford University, founding director of the Oxford Project to Investigate Memory and Ageing, and senior author of the study told Bloomberg News that this B-vitamin treatment is “the first and only disease-modifying treatment that’s worked. We have proved the concept that you can modify the disease.” This shouldn’t come as a surprise to anyone who understands that without proper nutrition and exercise, your brain will be increasingly vulnerable to damage with age…

Vitamin B Cocktail Already Used for Dementia Prevention in Sweden

Three years ago, the same group of researchers showed that the atrophy rate in patients’ whole brains was reduced by about 30 percent in those taking the vitamin cocktail. The atrophy rate was even higher—53 percent—in those who had elevated homocysteine levels, a benefit that was reconfirmed in the featured study. According to Bloomberg:

“The studies, known as Vitacog, were funded by seven charities and government agencies and vitamin maker Meda AB of Solna, Sweden. Smith is an inventor on three patents held by Oxford University for B vitamin formulations to treat Alzheimer’s disease… Vitamin B12 is found in liver, fish and milk and folic acid in fruit and vegetables. Deficiency of folate and B vitamins is already linked to dementia… Doctors in Sweden began measuring homocysteine in people who report declining memory about two years ago, said [Johan] Lokk [professor and head physician in the geriatric department at Karolinska University Hospital in Sweden, who wasn’t involved in the study]... Swedish patients with high homocysteine are given folic acid and B vitamins, even if they aren’t deficient. ‘We think the increased homocysteine level could be deleterious to the brain,’ Lokk said. ‘We wanted to be on the offensive in diagnosing and treating patients. In our opinion, it is harmless and cheap.’”

General Anesthesia Could Increase Risk of Dementia in Elderly by 35 Percent

Related research suggests that being exposed to general anesthesia can increase the risk of dementia in the elderly by as much as 35 percent. The research was presented at the annual congress of the European Society of Anesthesiology (ESA). As reported by Medical News Today:

“Postoperative cognitive dysfunction, or POCD, could be associated with dementia several years later. POCD is a common complication in elderly patients after major surgery. It has been proposed that there is an association between POCD and the development of dementia due to a common pathological mechanism through the amyloid β peptide. Several experimental studies suggest that some anesthetics could promote inflammation of neural tissues leading to POCD and/or Alzheimer’s disease (AD) precursors including β-amyloid plaques and neurofibrillary tangles.”

Participants aged 65 and over were followed for a total of 10 years. Participants exposed to at least one general anesthetic over the follow-up had a 35 percent increased risk of developing a dementia compared to those who were not exposed to anesthesia. According to lead researcher Dr. Francois Sztark:

“These results are in favor of an increased risk for dementia several years after general anesthesia. Recognition of POCD is essential in the perioperative management of elderly patients. A long-term follow-up of these patients should be planned.”

Tips for Avoiding Alzheimer’s Disease

The beauty of following my revised Nutrition Plan is that it helps treat and prevent all chronic degenerative diseases, from the common ones like heart disease, diabetes, obesity and Alzheimer’s to the ones you have never heard of or can’t even pronounce. So please read the Plan as soon as you can. It is divided into three helpful sections, Beginner, Intermediate and Advanced to help you start at the right level.

The plan is the first step in addressing Alzheimer’s disease, which is currently at epidemic proportions, with 5.4 million Americans – including one in eight people aged 65 and over – living with the disease.

Remember, while memory loss is indeed common among Westerners, it is NOT a “normal” part of aging, and cognitive changes are by no means inevitable. People who experience very little decline in their cognitive function up until their deaths have been found (post-mortem) to be free of brain lesions, showing that it’s entirely possible to prevent the damage from occurring in the first place… and one of the best ways to do this is by leading a healthy lifestyle.

Sugar and Fructose . Ideally, you’ll want to keep your sugar levels to a minimum and your total fructose below 25 grams per day, or as low as 15 grams per day if you have insulin resistance or any related disorders.

Ideally, you’ll want to keep your sugar levels to a minimum and your total fructose below 25 grams per day, or as low as 15 grams per day if you have insulin resistance or any related disorders. Improve magnesium levels. There is some exciting preliminary research strongly suggesting a decrease in Alzheimer symptoms with increased levels of magnesium in the brain. Unfortunately, most magnesium supplements do not pass the blood brain levels, but a new one, magnesium threonate, appears to and holds some promise for the future for treating this condition and may be superior to other forms.

There is some exciting preliminary research strongly suggesting a decrease in Alzheimer symptoms with increased levels of magnesium in the brain. Unfortunately, most magnesium supplements do not pass the blood brain levels, but a new one, magnesium threonate, appears to and holds some promise for the future for treating this condition and may be superior to other forms. Optimize your vitamin D levels with safe sun exposure. Strong links between low levels of vitamin D in Alzheimer’s patients and poor outcomes on cognitive tests have been revealed. Researchers believe that optimal vitamin D levels may enhance the amount of important chemicals in your brain and protect brain cells by increasing the effectiveness of the glial cells in nursing damaged neurons back to health. Vitamin D may also exert some of its beneficial effects on Alzheimer’s through its anti-inflammatory and immune-boosting properties. Sufficient vitamin D is imperative for proper functioning of your immune system to combat inflammation that is also associated with Alzheimer’s.

Strong links between low levels of vitamin D in Alzheimer’s patients and poor outcomes on cognitive tests have been revealed. Researchers believe that optimal vitamin D levels may enhance the amount of important chemicals in your brain and protect brain cells by increasing the effectiveness of the glial cells in nursing damaged neurons back to health. Vitamin D may also exert some of its beneficial effects on Alzheimer’s through its anti-inflammatory and immune-boosting properties. Sufficient vitamin D is imperative for proper functioning of your immune system to combat inflammation that is also associated with Alzheimer’s. Keep your fasting insulin levels below 3. This is indirectly related to fructose, as it will clearly lead to insulin resistance. However other sugars (sucrose is 50 percent fructose by weight), grains and lack of exercise are also important factors. Lowering insulin will also help lower leptin levels which is another factor for Alzheimer’s.

This is indirectly related to fructose, as it will clearly lead to insulin resistance. However other sugars (sucrose is 50 percent fructose by weight), grains and lack of exercise are also important factors. Lowering insulin will also help lower leptin levels which is another factor for Alzheimer’s. Vitamin B12 : In addition to the research presented above, a small Finnish study published in the journal Neurology also found that people who consume foods rich in B12 may reduce their risk of Alzheimer’s in their later years. For each unit increase in the marker of vitamin B12, the risk of developing Alzheimer’s was reduced by two percent. Remember sublingual methylcobalamin may be your best bet here.

In addition to the research presented above, a small Finnish study published in the journal Neurology also found that people who consume foods rich in B12 may reduce their risk of Alzheimer’s in their later years. For each unit increase in the marker of vitamin B12, the risk of developing Alzheimer’s was reduced by two percent. Remember sublingual methylcobalamin may be your best bet here. Eat a nutritious diet, rich in folate , such as the one described in my nutrition plan. Vegetables, without question, are your best form of folate, and we should all eat plenty of fresh raw veggies every day. Avoid supplements with folic acid, which is the inferior synthetic version of folate.

, such as the one described in my nutrition plan. Vegetables, without question, are your best form of folate, and we should all eat plenty of fresh raw veggies every day. Avoid supplements with folic acid, which is the inferior synthetic version of folate. High-quality animal-based omega-3 fats , such as krill oil. (I recommend avoiding most fish because, although fish is naturally high in omega-3, most fish are now severely contaminated with mercury.) High intake of the omega-3 fats EPA and DHA help by preventing cell damage caused by Alzheimer’s disease, thereby slowing down its progression, and lowering your risk of developing the disorder.

, such as krill oil. (I recommend avoiding most fish because, although fish is naturally high in omega-3, most fish are now severely contaminated with mercury.) High intake of the omega-3 fats EPA and DHA help by preventing cell damage caused by Alzheimer’s disease, thereby slowing down its progression, and lowering your risk of developing the disorder. Avoid and eliminate mercury from your body. Dental amalgam fillings, which are 50 percent mercury by weight, are one of the major sources of heavy metal toxicity. However you should be healthy prior to having them removed. Once you have adjusted to following the diet described in my optimized nutrition plan, you can follow the mercury detox protocol and then find a biological dentist to have your amalgams removed.

Dental amalgam fillings, which are 50 percent mercury by weight, are one of the major sources of heavy metal toxicity. However you should be healthy prior to having them removed. Once you have adjusted to following the diet described in my optimized nutrition plan, you can follow the mercury detox protocol and then find a biological dentist to have your amalgams removed. Avoid aluminum, such as antiperspirants, non-stick cookware, vaccine adjuvants, etc.

such as antiperspirants, non-stick cookware, vaccine adjuvants, etc. Exercise regularly. It’s been suggested that exercise can trigger a change in the way the amyloid precursor protein is metabolized, thus, slowing down the onset and progression of Alzheimer’s. Exercise also increases levels of the protein PGC-1alpha. Research has also shown that people with Alzheimer’s have less PGC-1alpha in their brains and cells that contain more of the protein produce less of the toxic amyloid protein associated with Alzheimer’s. I would strongly recommend reviewing the Peak Fitness Technique for my specific recommendations.

It’s been suggested that exercise can trigger a change in the way the amyloid precursor protein is metabolized, thus, slowing down the onset and progression of Alzheimer’s. Exercise also increases levels of the protein PGC-1alpha. Research has also shown that people with Alzheimer’s have less PGC-1alpha in their brains and cells that contain more of the protein produce less of the toxic amyloid protein associated with Alzheimer’s. I would strongly recommend reviewing the Peak Fitness Technique for my specific recommendations. Avoid flu vaccinations as most contain both mercury and aluminum, well-known neurotoxic and immunotoxic agents.

as most contain both mercury and aluminum, well-known neurotoxic and immunotoxic agents. Eat blueberries. Wild blueberries, which have high anthocyanin and antioxidant content, are known to guard against Alzheimer’s and other neurological diseases. Like any fruit though, avoid excesses here.

Wild blueberries, which have high anthocyanin and antioxidant content, are known to guard against Alzheimer’s and other neurological diseases. Like any fruit though, avoid excesses here. Challenge your mind daily. Mental stimulation, especially learning something new, such as learning to play an instrument or a new language, is associated with a decreased risk of Alzheimer’s. Researchers suspect that mental challenge helps to build up your brain, making it less susceptible to the lesions associated with Alzheimer’s disease.

Mental stimulation, especially learning something new, such as learning to play an instrument or a new language, is associated with a decreased risk of Alzheimer’s. Researchers suspect that mental challenge helps to build up your brain, making it less susceptible to the lesions associated with Alzheimer’s disease. Avoid anticholinergic and statin drugs. Drugs that block acetylcholine, a nervous system neurotransmitter, have been shown to increase your risk of dementia. These drugs include certain nighttime pain relievers, antihistamines, sleep aids, certain antidepressants, medications to control incontinence, and certain narcotic pain relievers. Statin drugs are particularly problematic because they suppress the synthesis of cholesterol, deplete your brain of coenzyme Q10 and neurotransmitter precursors, and prevent adequate delivery of essential fatty acids and fat-soluble antioxidants to your brain by inhibiting the production of the indispensable carrier biomolecule known as low-density lipoprotein.

Other Natural Treatments for Your Anti-Alzheimer’s Arsenal

Finally, there are a few other nutritional recommendations worth noting for their specific benefits in preventing and treating dementia. So, although your fundamental strategy for preventing dementia should involve a comprehensive lifestyle approach, you may want to consider adding a few of these natural dietary agents to your anti-Alzheimer’s arsenal. These four natural foods/supplements have good science behind them, in terms of preventing age-related cognitive changes:

Coconut Oil: The primary fuel your brain needs for energy is glucose. However, your brain is able to run on more than a single type of fuel, one being ketones (ketone bodies), or ketoacids. Ketones are what your body produces when it converts fat (as opposed to glucose) into energy.

The medium-chain triglycerides (MCT) found in coconut oil are GREAT source of ketone bodies, because coconut oil is about 66 percent MCTs. In fact, ketones appear to be the preferred source of brain food in patients affected by diabetes or Alzheimer’s. Astaxanthin is a natural pigment with unique properties and many clinical benefits, including some of the most potent antioxidant activity currently known. As a fat-soluble nutrient, astaxanthin readily crosses your blood-brain barrier. One study found it may help prevent neurodegeneration associated with oxidative stress, as well as make a potent natural “brain food.” The molecules of astaxanthin neutralize free radicals and other oxidants without being destroyed or becoming pro-oxidants themselves in the process. It’s is a unique molecule whose shape allows it to precisely fit into a cell membrane and span its entire width. In this position, astaxanthin can intercept potentially damaging molecules before they can damage your cells. You can get some astaxanthin by taking krill oil, which is a fantastic omega-3 fat supplement. But you can boost your astaxanthin even MORE by adding a pure astaxanthin supplement to your nutritional regimen. For optimal absorption, make sure to take krill oil and/or astaxanthin with a fat-containing meal, since both are fat-soluble. Gingko biloba: Many scientific studies have found that Gingko biloba has positive effects for dementia. Gingko, which is derived from a tree native to Asia, has long been used medicinally in China and other countries. A 1997 study from JAMAshowed clear evidence that Gingko improves cognitive performance and social functioning for those suffering from dementia.

Research since then has been equally promising. One study in 2006 found Gingko as effective as the dementia drug Aricept (donepezil) for treating mild to moderate Alzheimer’s type dementia. A 2010 meta-analysis found Gingko biloba to be effective for a variety of types of dementia. Alpha lipoic acid (ALA): ALA can stabilize cognitive functions among Alzheimer’s patients and may slow the progression of the disease.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/06/13/alzheimers-dementia-treatment.aspx

See Also: Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease: The News is Spreading







",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
27312,"by Dr. Mercola

New research shows that low levels of sunlight, coupled with glandular fever, could increase your risk of developing multiple sclerosis (MS). This could be one reason that MS tends to be more common away from the equator.

The study suggested that low levels of sunlight could affect how your […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33184,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

A lot of attention and concern has been placed on kids using medical cannabis with parental or medical guidance. Many of the “concerns” are misplaced and out of date, based on the “Reefer Madness” propaganda of the 1970s, which induced an unjustified phobia of cannabis or marijuana.

Some of the children who are afflicted with the most severe form of epilepsy, Dravet syndrome, are alive and doing well because of specially formulated cannabis that’s low in activated THC. Others are surviving cancer and curing terminal Crohn’s disease because of higher THC cannabis.

Most of them manage well on cannabis almost completely, getting off most or all of the pharmaceutical medications that were worsening their condition.

But what about older folks, people well into their 60s and older, 70s and 80s?

Only a small minority who take responsibility for their health with good diets, the right supplements, and moderate exercise wind up managing well in those age groups. Most of them weren’t aware of the Internet’s “alternative” health information and warnings about mainstream medicine when they were younger.

So most senior citizens wind up loaded on pharmaceuticals just to get by with daily routines, including decent sleep.

But there is an increasing number of senior citizens catching on to the merits of one plant’s ability to replace those medications for “age related” ailments. Some have even managed to walk out of hospice with “terminal” cancer after medical cannabis intervened.

Cannabis Curing Late Stage Cancer During the Late Stages of Life

Perhaps the most publicized and dramatic episode belongs to retired dentist Stan Rutner of California. After experiencing a remission of non-Hodgins lymphoma using natural supplements as adjuncts with his chemotherapy, by the time Stan was in his late 70s he was diagnosed with lung cancer.

He was forced to endure chemotherapy again with the added bonus of radiation therapy. This time his cancer worsened and progressed into his brain. His condition in the hospital worsened to the point of his doctors’ giving up and assigning Stan to hospice, where he was unable to walk and had to be on oxygen 24/7. At age 77, Stan had been given two weeks to live.

Fortunately, his hospice caretaker was his daughter Corrine. She didn’t want Stan to leave yet, and she and her husband John Malanca researched the merits of medical marijuana, and found a way for Stan to use it legally in California. Stan was given capsules of concentrated cannabis extract in a coconut oil base daily, and after a few days began eating and sleeping better.

Perhaps they were thinking of ameliorating his misery and granting him a more respectable slightly extended quality of life. That might be the most to expect. But they got much more. After a few weeks Stan could walk again and he didn’t need those oxygen tanks anymore. By the end of 9 months Stan’s brain, lungs, and body were completely cancer free.

Stan’s Success Led to the Formation of a Helpful Site for Medical Cannabis Newcomers

As a result of the learning curve son-in-law John and daughter Corrine went through and their success with Stan’s cancer, they started a very comprehensive detailed website to help patients get started on medical cannabis, especially if they’re totally unfamiliar with the process of obtaining cannabis for medical use. Their site, United Patients Group, also manages private consultations.

Showing no signs of remission after using a daily maintenance dose of cannabis infused in coconut oil three years later at age 80, Stan denounced the federal laws against medical cannabis, pointing out how cannabis is much less expensive and harmful than conventional medicine, and cannabis use would save Medicaid a lot of money. Then he said:

My wife and I live in a wonderful place, and I now have enough energy to think about helping more people in our luxurious ‘old folks home,’ all of whom have some ailment that would be amenable to treatment by cannabis. We have arthritis, bowel problems, hip and knee issues, early Alzheimer’s symptoms; you name it, we probably have it here [in his retirement home complex]. (Source)

Cannabis Cancer Cures Not as Rare as the Medical System Wants You to Believe

Another California senior citizen who did not have access to the United Patients Group but managed to use cannabis to heal his stage 3 prostate cancer completely in six months was featured in an earlier Health Impact News article. (Source)

Dennis Hill was familiar with cannabis as an occasional pot smoker while he was a high school student and during his college days. He became a research technician at the prestigious MD Anderson Cancer Institute in Houston for 10 years.

So Dennis wasn’t averse to using marijuana in his later years in California. But he didn’t think it could help his cancer at first when friends urged him to try cannabis for his cancer. He was open and curious enough to use his scientific background as a biochemist to research actual studies and realize it could help him with cancer.

And of course it did. Now Dennis Hill helps others understand the different strains of cannabis and how they can handle cancer without side effects. He was one of many cannabis experts interviewed in the Cannabis Summit.

Some Older Folks are Taking Medical Cannabis Into Their Own Hands

This author lives in an apartment complex for seniors over 55, supposedly to accommodate lower incomes in the expensive area of Santa Fe, NM.

You can be assured that many here are burdened with serious pharmaceutical medication agendas, running around with oxygen tanks, coping with chemotherapy for cancer, and recovering from knee and hip operations with opioid pain killers that have serious side effects.

After all, private insurance, Medicaid or VA covers it all, and most of these people worship mainstream medicine. Then again, New Mexico as a medical marijuana legal state is one of the most restrictive of them.

But older folks in California are making their golden years actual gold, reducing pain and a multitude of “aging” ailment symptoms while getting off pharmaceuticals that had been making life more miserable for them.

Many senior citizens and elderly ailment ridden folks are discovering that cannabis is not a gateway drug. It gets people off addictive narcotics prescribed for pain effectively and comfortably while healing the reason opioid painkillers were initially prescribed. Cannabis’ side effects are actually pleasant, not merely barely tolerable, as discussed in the Cannabis Summit by Dr. Dustin Sulak.

If you are in a medical marijuana legal state and unfamiliar with how you can take advantage of medical cannabis, or if you aren’t and you need to find out what your real and legal options are, here’s that introductory medical cannabis site United Patients Group again.

Sources:

https://cannabis.fedgeno.com/links/dad-s-update-stan-rutner-a-cancer-survivor-56606

http://unitedpatientsgroup.com/about/

http://unitedpatientsgroup.com/blog/2014/06/16/cancer-survivor-who-was-saved-by-cannabis-demands-national-access-for-all-patients/

http://www.naturalnews.com/044411_cannabis_cancer_cure_Stan_Rutner.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22036,"FDA Loosens Restrictions on Diabetes Drug Avandia

by Dr. Mercola

Diabetes drug Avandia hit the market in 1999 and quickly became a blockbuster drug. By 2006, its annual revenue was more than $$3 billion, but this changed following an alarming study published in the New England Journal of Medicine(NEJM) in 2007.



The study linked Avandia to a 43 percent increased risk of heart attack and a 64 percent higher risk of cardiovascular death than patients treated with other methods.

In response to this and subsequent related evidence, Europe banned Avandia, taking it completely off the market.

In 2010, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) took a lesser action by restricting access to the drug, which meant that only those unable to control their diabetes using some other form of medication would be given new prescriptions.

It was a small step in the right direction but even then one that many experts believed did not go far enough to protect patients’ health. And now in the latest turn of events, the FDA has announced that they will be lifting the restrictions they put in place…

FDA Removes Certain Prescribing Restrictions for Avandia

In June 2013, an FDA advisory panel voted in favor of loosening the Avandia restrictions put in place in 2010, and in December, the FDA announced it would be following suit.

The reversal is based on the RECORD study, which was conducted by the drug’s maker, GlaxoSmithKline, at FDA’s request. According to an FDA statement, the study’s results, made public in 2009, “showed no elevated risk of heart attack or death in patients being treated with Avandia when compared to standard-of-care diabetes drugs.”

This lead Dr. Janet Woodcock, director of the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, to state:

“Our actions… reflect the most current scientific knowledge about the risks and benefits of this drug… Given these new results, our level of concern is considerably reduced; thus, we are requiring the removal of certain prescribing restrictions.”

Yet, the RECORD study has been heavily criticized. According to CNN:



“Although GlaxoSmithKline said the safety data were reassuring, the study was heavily criticized by Dr. Thomas Marciniak, an FDA scientist who reviewed the data and said the company ignored several cases of patients who suffered severe adverse effects.”

Concerns were also raised in 2010, when the New York Times reported that GlaxoSmithKline not only hid negative study data but also manipulated study data to fit their agenda:



“An F.D.A. reviewer who closely examined a landmark Avandia clinical trial called “Record,” found at least a dozen instances in which patients taking Avandia suffered serious heart problems that were not counted in the trial’s tally of adverse events, mistakes that further obscured Avandia’s heart risks. The company’s conduct of the Record trial has received sharp criticism from medical leaders for other reasons as well. To compare Avandia and Actos in 1999, researchers at SmithKline measured Actos’s effects in patients in the same way that they had conducted earlier trials of Avandia so that the results for the two drugs could be compared. When the results of the study suggested that Avandia was more dangerous than Actos, the company decided against further comparisons.”

In response to the criticisms, the FDA recommended that GSK choose an independent group to review RECORD’s results, which also came back in favor of the drug, prompting the June 2013 FDA panel hearing.

Is the FDA Simply Trying to Save Face?

Today, only about 3,000 Americans take Avandia, and they are closely monitored for side effects by both the FDA and GlaxoSmithKline. With the loosened restrictions, however, the drug will once again be available through regular pharmacies to all type 2 diabetes patients, without required monitoring or tracking.

The FDA also noted that GlaxoSmithKline would no longer be required to conduct a clinical trial to compare Avandia to its main rival, Actos, or other diabetes drugs, known as the TIDE trial.



Interestingly, the Associated Press (AP) called the announcement a “vindication of sorts for FDA leadership, including Woodcock,” who they reported agreed to the original Avandia restrictions only after “years of pressure from outside researchers, safety advocates and several members of Congress.”



Dr. Steven Nissen, who conducted the study showing increased heart risks surrounding Avandia, seemed to agree, telling the AP:



“This is about appearances, not changing medical practice… A single reanalysis of a trial does not exonerate a drug where all the other data point to increased cardiovascular risks.”

Please remember that this is the company that paid a total of $$3 billion in fines — $$1 billion to settle criminal charges, and $$2 billion to cover civil liabilities – to settle this, and other, violations less than one year ago.

It is beyond rational comprehension how a company like this could possibly be trusted with a study that they did and is obviously loaded with massive conflict of interest… especially in light of the fact that the Europeans already determined that this drug was FAR too dangerous and they removed it from the market.

The FDA’s move, unfortunately, is none too surprising, however. As early as 2005, one unnamed senior FDA scientist, who was once Avandia’s primary reviewer, began voicing concerns that Avandia should have a “black box” warning due to its risk of congestive heart failure. In response, the FDA swiftly removed the scientist from participating in further reviews of the drug.



The only silver lining to the FDA’s announcement may be that experts believe a return of Avandia to blockbuster status is unlikely, given its poor reputation and the abundance of newer treatments now on the market.

Diet and Exercise May Reverse Diabetes Without Drugs

One in four Americans has some form of diabetes or pre-diabetes, and the go-to treatment is typically drugs that target your blood sugar levels. Yet, the cure for type 2 diabetes has nothing to do with giving insulin or taking drugs to control your blood sugar.

In one four-year-long study, overweight and obese diabetics placed on a calorie-restrictive diet along with nearly three hours of exercise per week fared much better than controls. After one year, 11.5 percent of the program participants no longer needed medication to keep their blood sugar levels below the diabetes threshold.



Another recent randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial, published in the American Diabetes Association’s own journal Diabetes, found that a turmeric extract (curcumin) was 100% effective in preventing the development of type 2 diabetes in prediabetics over the course of a 9-month intervention.



I also believe following the dietary recommendations laid out in my free Nutrition Plan can provide far better results than those achieved in this study. The truth of the matter is that type 2 diabetes is a fully preventable condition that arises from faulty leptin signaling and insulin resistance, both of which are directly diet and exercise related. It is NOT a disease of blood sugar.

Once you understand that, the remedy becomes clear: to reverse the disease, you need to recover your body’s insulin and leptin sensitivities. The best way to accomplish this is through proper diet and exercise, as detailed in my free Nutrition Plan. There is no drug that can correct leptin signaling and insulin resistance…

Prevent and Even Reverse Diabetes with These Lifestyle Changes

Avandia is soon going to become much more widely available, but before you consider it as a viable treatment (regardless of where you stand on the debate over its heart risks), try revamping your lifestyle first. Adhering to the following guidelines can help you do at least three things that are essential for successfully preventing and treating diabetes: recover your insulin/leptin sensitivity, normalize your weight, and normalize your blood pressure:

Severely limit or eliminate sugar and grains in your diet, especially fructose. Following my Nutrition Plan will help you do this without too much fuss.

Exercise regularly, including high-intensity interval training (HIIT). Exercise is an absolutely essential factor, and without it, you’re unlikely to get this devastating disease under control. It is one of the fastest and most powerful ways to lower your insulin and leptin resistance.

Avoid trans fats.

Get plenty of omega-3 fats from a high-quality, animal-based source, such as krill oil.

Optimize your vitamin D levels. Recent studies have revealed that getting enough vitamin D can have a powerful effect on normalizing your blood pressure and that low vitamin D levels may increase your risk of heart disease.

Optimize your gut flora. Your gut is a living microbial ecosystem, full of both good bacteria and bad. Multiple studies have shown that obese people have different intestinal bacteria than lean people. The more good bacteria you have, the stronger your immune system will be and the better your body will function overall. Fortunately, optimizing your gut flora is relatively easy. You can reseed your body with good bacteria by eating fermented foods (such as fermented vegetables, natto, raw organic cheese, or raw milk kefir) or by taking a high-quality probiotic supplement.

Address any underlying emotional issues and/or stress. Non-invasive tools like the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT)can be helpful and effective.

Get enough high-quality sleep every night.

Monitor your fasting insulin level. This is every bit as important as your fasting blood sugar. You’ll want your fasting insulin level to be between 2 and 4. The higher your level, the worse your insulin sensitivity is.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/12/18/diabetes-drug-avandia.aspx

Free Shipping Available for this book!

Learn More



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
9499,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

In this Buzzsaw interview (below), filmmaker Sean Stone interviews Tammi Stefano, the Executive Director of The National Safe Child Coalition (NSCC), and exposes much of the corruption happening within Child Protection Services and Family Courts. This might be one of the few interviews currently available on the Internet that gives this much information on the child sex trafficking business that exists in LA County, and across the nation. Tammi Stefano reveals some very shocking information about the child and human trafficking business currently operating in the United States, which is a huge illegal business that brings in more money than the illegal drug trade and illegal arms trade combined.

Tammi Stefano has spent over two decades on front lines fighting for child safety. She understands the emotions of being victimized, having survived a kidnapping in her younger years. Determination was the driving force that prompted her to go undercover to catch a pedophile school teacher.

Child Protection Services do Not Protect Children – Hundreds of Children Murdered in CPS Care

Picking up the interview at about the 9 minute mark, Stefano begins to explain that when there is an allegation of child abuse, law enforcement and child protection services (CPS) are the two entities that get involved. According to Stefano, the social workers working in child protection services across the country do not have the training to truly investigate child abuse, because child abuse is a crime. Stefano encourages the listeners of the program to call law enforcement, not CPS, if they encounter sexual or physical abuse of a child, because this is a crime, and CPS is not trained to handle crimes. Stefano says:

The minute you call child protection services, you can rest assured that the investigation will not be done properly. Chances are the child will not be protected.

She then gives the example of Los Angeles County, where in 2013 CPS took “thousands of children away from parents,” and that 570 children were murdered while in the care of CPS and away from their families.

Foster Children Bring in Great Profits to the State

At another point in the interview, Stefano relates how California benefits financially from having children in foster care. She states that adults who are incarcerated in the penal system on average cost the State about $48,000.00 per prisoner. For children taken in foster care, however, one child can bring in up to $1 million of revenue to the State. Children who need “extra care” are given many medical treatments, such as psychotropic drugs. (See: California’s Crisis: 1 Out of Every 4 Children in California’s Foster Care Prescribed Powerful Psychiatric Drugs)

Stefano gives one example she encountered where a Los Angeles judge sent one mom’s son to a “behavioral modification camp” because he was allegedly labeled “defiant.” He was given elecrto-shock treatments, and these treatments were billed to the mother at a cost of $7000.00 per week. Stefano stated that the mother is still making payments on these “treatments,” while her son is now 23, and she still has 10 years left on her payment plan. To this day she does not know where her child was sent for these “medical services.”

LA CPS Turning Foster Children Over to Known Sex Abuse Offenders

When Stone asked her who CPS was turning these children over to with such “gruesome” statistics, Stefano replied that what she discovered, and what the Los Angeles Times was kind enough to publish, was that 1000 “convicted sex offenders” had been given a “green light” by CPS to become “approved foster parents” just in Los Angeles County.

CPS Putting Children into Sex Trafficking is a Huge Problem

At around the 25:15 point in the interview, Stone and Stefano begin to discuss the child sex trafficking problem. When Stone asks Stefano if she has encountered sex trafficking among children, she replies: “We need to cover it a lot more.”

As an example, she mentioned a sex trafficking case with CPS in Orange County California last year. Stefano says that of 105 sexually abused victims that were found in this case, 65% of those victims were in the foster care system under CPS control, and they were allegedly never reported missing. Stefano says:

What we are finding now is this trafficking is a lot bigger, and a lot more involved politically than we care to look at, or the media won’t cover. Everybody is afraid because there are some really big heavy hitters that are very influential that are involved. Children have been sold, and there have been cases, where children have been sold up to 75 times in one day. 75 times in one day…. someone has abused this child. The child trafficking industry, or human trafficking industry right now, makes more money than the illegal drug trade, and illegal arms trade, combined. So children are definitely a commodity. They are a commodity to make money.

Stefano then relates the following story:

Last year I had a case where a lovely young girl, a single mom – her mom was a great Italian woman who lives in Burbank. She was having some problems with her daughter. Her daughter started hanging out with the wrong crowd – good girl though – she just needed to be pulled back in. So her mom calls a friend at the police department, and she says, “You know, let’s put a little scare – I want to do something. I want to make sure she is OK.” He says, “You know, call Child Protective Services.” “Ok, I’ll try it.” She called Child Protective Services. They said, “We need to take her, and help out here.” They put this child – gorgeous – I mean she looks like model – 16 years old – (actually) 15 at the time – (and they put her) in this group home. The mom goes to visit her. It was near the holidays. She feels like “Alright, she is going to learn her lesson. She’ll never mess up again. This is a hard core lesson.” Her daughter’s gone. Her daughter and three other beautiful young girls. Now you have to be reminded that the gates around this group home, locally, are high. They are too high, and they are locked electronically. You are not getting out. And there is a full staff. While this staff says, “Gee, we were short staffed, and we just don’t know how this gate got open.” This mother daily for over one year posted – I mean she came on my show. She did not stop looking for her daughter. Her daughter is home (now.) She found her through the efforts of a combined community effort. And she is still healing. She was passed on to more people – she was so abused. She was locked up. She was a prisoner. Her and three others from a State-run (foster) group home. And how did the gates get open? It was near the holidays and they just don’t have an answer. Child Protection Services in America does not have a duty to report a child missing when the child is a ward of the State.

Stefano then talks about an organization called “The Humanitarian Alliance” and a report they have that found within 48 hours after a child has aged out of the foster care system, because they have become 18 and have left their foster homes, 65 to 70% of them are captured into human trafficking syndicates. Stefano believes the only way this can happen is because those inside the foster care system are helping to arrange it to happen, for a fee.

Listen to the entire shocking interview below. Note that the first 9 minutes discusses a new TV show and the controversial issue of corporal punishment. At about the 9 minute mark is where they begin to discuss the abuses within CPS.

The Real Criminals in Child Abuse and Sex Trafficking do not Want this Information Public

Tammi Stefano is the Executive Director of The National Safe Child Coalition (NSCC). At one point during the interview she related how her child advocacy campaigns have resulted in death threats from angry foster parents. She also stated that her website has been hacked, and that her phone has been tapped “numerous times.”

As Stefano stated:

“What we are finding now is this trafficking is a lot bigger, and a lot more involved politically than we care to look at, or the media won’t cover. Everybody is afraid because there are some really big heavy hitters that are very influential that are involved.”

Stefano is the not the only one to step forward and reveal this kind of criminal child sex trafficking among powerful people. Back in 1989 the Washington Times published a report about an alleged illegal homosexual pedophile prostitution ring that involved members of Congress and the White House in Washington, D.C.

The “scandal” eventually died down and nothing apparently happened.

In 2010 a report linking over 5000 people in the Department of Defense to child pornography was leaked to the media, but the investigation only looked at a couple of hundred military people, and the investigation was terminated after 8 months. Senator Grassley talked about it briefly on CNN:

Politicians are aware of child and human trafficking, and laws have been passed to supposedly address the problem. On May 29, 2015 S. 178, the “Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015” was signed into law after much political fighting.

However, based on the information we have learned from Tammi Stefano in this interview, as well as the testimony and reports of countless others, government funding is the PROBLEM, and not the solution! Ironically, this new bill that just passed under the auspices of dealing with child sex trafficking, might actually perpetuate the problem and make it worse, by funneling even more federal funds into social services for children and troubled youth.

Will people truly aware of the problem, particularly in politics, really be able to do anything to solve this problem? Georgia Senator Nancy Schaefer was one of the few who did speak out, and try to do something to stop this horrendous problem, but now she is dead. (Story here.)

Comment on this article on MedicalKidnap.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33225,"Sometime during the late 1980s, a Sunday talk show featured a “debate” on legalizing marijuana for medical purposes. The person against such legalization came up with an unintentionally silly line, “I wouldn't want to be on a plane with a pilot using marijuana.” Well, he wouldn't want to be on a plane with an alcoholic pilot either, and alcohol is legal. So legality has nothing to do with individual judgment or airline rules. That was a good example of a straw man argument. Such straw man arguments are common when it comes to discussions on marijuana, medical or otherwise. What was impressive then was the pro-medical marijuana advocate. He was a stock broker in South Florida who smoked 10 to 12 cannabis cigarettes daily. It was amazing that he could talk with anyone on a live TV telecast and argue his point. Advising clients on investment choices seemed to be even more ridiculous. But it turns out to be true. Irvin Rosenfeld was diagnosed with a rare bone disease called hereditary multiple exostoses (HME) at the age of 10. The pain from the bone tumors, usually non-cancerous, irritating skin and muscle tissue could only be made manageable with dangerously addictive narcotic prescriptions. Medical marijuana turned out to be a much better solution, and eventually the federal government was supplying him medical marijuana to manage his pain.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42917,"by Rishma Parpia

The Vaccine Reaction

On the issue of vaccines, there is an abundance of dialogue on ingredients and herd immunity, etc., but what really is the fundamental problem at the heart of this debate? It is because state legislatures mandate vaccines, consequently denying individuals the right to informed consent—the right to make personal choices about vaccination for themselves and their children.

While some parents choose to comply with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) recommended childhood immunization schedule,1there are many parents who prefer not to go down this road with their children for various reasons. As a result of state mandates compelling use of federally recommended childhood vaccines, the question of vaccine safety has understandably become a central issue in the debate.

The Childhood Vaccine Schedule: Past and Present

A vaccination schedule recommended by public health officials or physician trade associations, such as the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), is basically a series of vaccinations that includes the timing/age at which the doses are to be be given. Depending on state laws, the federal vaccine schedule is either recommended or compulsory for school and daycare attendance.

With respect to the U.S. childhood vaccination schedule, the number of vaccines government health officials direct pediatricians to give children has almost quadrupled in the last 60 or so years.2 In 1953, the CDC directed physicians to give a child no more than 16 doses of four vaccines (one dose of smallpox and five doses of DPT) between the ages of two months and six years.2 Thirty years later, in 1983, the CDC recommended schedule included 23 doses of seven vaccines (DPT, MMR and polio) between the ages of two months and six years.2

Fast-forward to from 1983 to 2016, the CDC now recommends double the number of vaccinations by age six—49 doses of 14 vaccines starting on the day of birth—and a total of 69 doses of 16 vaccines by age 18.2 In 1983, the CDC directed physicians to give a child no more than four vaccines simultaneously. However, by 2013, a could receive eight or more vaccines during one visit.2

The Problem with The Vaccine Schedule’s “One-Size Fits All” Assumption

Mass vaccination such as that recommended by the CDC’s current vaccine schedule uses a “one size fits all” approach, which holds very little regard for a child’s state of health, medical history, nutritional status and genetic background prior to receiving vaccines. Lucija Tomljenovic, PhD, a biochemist with the Neural Dynamics Research Group at the University of British Columbia, Canada, put it this way:

Imagine the next time you went to Walmart, Target or Sears that due to scientific research and government regulation your retailer only stocked one size of clothing – regardless of whether you are male or female, child or adult, and with no sensitivity to your cultural or ethnic background. Would you be happy? Would you accept it? Would you wear the clothes? The answer is clearly NO! What if the clothing manufacturer used a highly toxic dye in the clothing fabric and knew this dye could cause serious skin reactions in some people but they failed to declare this? Would that be acceptable to you? Yet that is exactly what the current approach to vaccines worldwide is – one size fits all and some “collateral damage” is acceptable for the sake of the alleged “greater good”.3

Arguments have been made that decisions regarding an individual child’s immunizations are not one-size fits all since exceptions to the schedule are sometimes made by pediatricians who believe there is a reason to delay or omit a vaccine. However, the truth s that the CDC and AAP consider very few medical conditions as a reason to delay or omit a vaccination and 99.99% of children do not qualify for a medical vaccine exemption under narrow federal vaccine contraindication guidelines.4

The government recommended vaccine schedule does not factor in an individual’s genetic susceptibility to vaccine adverse reactions, which the Institute of Medicine has pointed out doctors cannot predict ahead of time in part due to gaps in vaccine safety science.5 This is one of the reasons why relatively healthy children have succumbed to adverse vaccine reactions.

Some vaccine developers and proponents of mandatory vaccination are also questioning the legitimacy of the one-size fits all approach. Dr. Gregory Poland, Editor in Chief of the journal Vaccine and other scientists state in a paper published in the Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal that,

We believe that adversomics (the immunogenetics and immunogenomics of vaccine adverse events at the individual and population level, respectively) is critical to understanding and preventing serious adverse vaccine-related events, developing the next generation of vaccines, and to improving public confidence in vaccine safety.” He reiterates that “… the field of adversomics is growing due to scientific interest in understanding the basis for vaccine reactions, “push” from the growing field of individualized medicine, and consumer demand for safer vaccines.6

2013 Institute of Medicine Report: CDC’s Vaccine Schedule Untested

Given that the CDC’s recommended childhood vaccine schedule is mandated in many states, it would be fair to assume that the schedule has been thoroughly studied and tested for safety, right? Well, a 2013 report released by the Institute of Medicine reveals otherwise. The report clearly states that,

First, the concept of the immunization “schedule” is not well developed in the scientific literature. Most vaccine research focuses on the health outcomes associated with single immunizations or combinations of vaccines administered at a single visit. Even though each new vaccine is evaluated in the context of the overall immunization schedule that existed at the time of review, individual elements of the schedule are not evaluated once it is adjusted to accommodate a new vaccine. Key elements of the immunization schedule—for example, the number, frequency, timing, order, and age at the time of administration of vaccines—have not been systematically examined in research studies.7

Burden of Proof for the Safety of Vaccines

In our medical and legal system, the burden of proof that a vaccine caused the injury or death of a child currently lies with parents. This is unacceptable when there are so many gaps in knowledge about vaccine risks and there is no liability in the civil court system for companies that market vaccines and those who administer vaccines to children.8

The burden of proof for the safety of vaccines should rest with the pharmaceutical corporations marketing and profiting from vaccines, the federal health agencies regulating and recommending vaccines, and the state health departments and legislatures mandating vaccines. So far, there has been little solid evidence provided to the public that these liability-free pharmaceutical products are safe to give to every child.

References:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24361,"by Alliance for Natural Health

Will that avoid mass shootings like Sandy Hook—or just put people on the very drugs that can make them homicidal?

In the January 21 issue of Forbes magazine, Steve Forbes says that hundreds of thousands of people lead tortured, miserable lives and need supervised care. His solution is to repopulate public mental hospitals and wards instead of emptying them, as we have done.

The problem, of course, is that mainstream treatment usually means a battery of antidepressant and antipsychotic drugs and these drugs can make people suicidal and homicidal—the very problem we as a society are trying to prevent.

It’s no secret that the medical psychiatric and the pharmaceutical industry are riddled with conflicts of interest—at the expense of the patients themselves. Nearly 70% of the taskforce members who have been busy creating the DSM-5 (the fifth edition of theDiagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, essentially the Bible of clinicians, researchers, psychiatric drug regulation agencies, health insurance companies, pharmaceutical companies, and policy-makers) reported financial relationships with pharmaceutical companies, up from 57% for the DSM-IV. In the DSM-5, the definition of depression has been expanded to include bereavement—a change that could give drug companies a potential $$10 billion increase in antidepressant sales. SSRI antidepressants (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) are known to be addictive and hard to get off of, so using them to alleviate normal human suffering is not a good idea. They are also among themost frequently prescribed drugs for children with autism—even though there is no evidence that these drugs help in the least.

As we reported previously, SSRIs as treatment for depression can create either suicidal thoughts or outbursts of irrational violence against others; this side effect is seen both when taking the drug and when withdrawing from it. Granted, this is association and not necessarily causation—but it raises enough red flags that one must proceed cautiously:

Steve Forbes writes, “No one would assert that more proactive treatment of people with extremely serious mental ailments would prevent all mass killings. But the growth in the number of such massacres since the 1960s, when the deinstitutionalizing movement got under way, makes clear that these horrific occurrences could be sharply reduced.” We would point out that the first major mass shooting wasn’t until 1966, and the shooter,Charles Whitman, had never been institutionalized, much less deinstitutionalized. SSRIs were developed in the 1970s, and in the 1980s began replacing the older tricyclic antidepressants we told you about last week. The number of mass shootings started increasing dramatically as with the popularity of SSRI drugs increased. Since 1982, there have been at least 62 mass shootings across the country; 25 of them have occurred since 2006, and seven of them took place in 2012.

We are not arguing that violent or seriously ill people should not be confined to mental hospitals—merely that to blame the whole problem on deinstitutionalization is to ignore the fact that the drugs that are supposed to be helping these young people may in fact be responsible for their violent outbreaks. Institutionalization will make it easier to force these drugs on people and giving them in hospitals doesn’t make them any safer.

SSRIs, tricyclics like amitriptyline, and other antidepressants are now firmly established as being linked to the danger of suicide: FDA has a black box warning for young people (though of course it should be for all people). FDA said they were looking into SSRIs and the risk of violence to others after we petitioned them for a black box warning about it, but the agency still hasn’t issued a final decision. Nor is it likely to, because admitting this would ravage sales and hurt the bottom lines of the drug companies.

Forbes has had a history of hostility toward natural therapies. The magazine often promotes a mainstream medical view and has been openly suspicious of supplements—likely because of their ties to drug companies.

However, there may be hope for Forbes yet. In the past two years the magazine has lauded, interviewed, and discussed in numerous articles fitness guru and entrepreneur Tim Ferriss, author of The 4-Hour Chef and The 4-Hour Body, who recommends a number of supplements. This is likely the first time supplements have been treated with anything but contempt at Forbes. Perhaps they are finally becoming aware of all the exciting new science around supplements.

As any integrative physician can tell you, nutritional deficiencies and imbalances can cause depression. Dr. Jonathan Wright suggests an amino acid supplement program to boost levels of mood-regulating neurotransmitters in the brain without the side effects of prescription drugs. One can get a blood test that assesses fasting levels of essential amino acids; if levels are low, it is important to use blend of all eight essential amino acids.

However, it’s important to look for the cause of low amino acid levels. Quite often it’s because of low stomach acid (hypchlorhydria); if this is the case, patients can benefit from supplemental acid and other supplements.

Dr. Mark Hyman has stated that “Depression is not a Prozac deficiency,” noting that it is often caused by biological imbalances resulting from nutritional deficiencies and exposure to environmental pollutants—and not necessarily chemical imbalances. Besides taking supplements like St. John’s Wort, tryptophan (but not with St John’s Wort), SAMe, vitamin D, DHEA, B vitamins such as niacin, B-12 and folate, and adrenal gland boosters, other treatments for depression include a change in diet, getting enough sleep, getting enough exercise, getting enough light, and finding a useful purpose for your life bigger than yourself.

Many people have found relief through homeopathy or acupuncture (often accompanied by a custom Chinese herbal formula). For more severe depression, one might consider hyperbaric oxygen therapy (HBOT). In Dr. Paul G. Harch’s study of veterans with depression after traumatic brain injury, 93% of them saw improvement after HBOT.

Anxiety is greatly relieved by L-theanine and especially by the more bioavailable forms of GABA (this is important because not all of them work). Even psychotic conditions can benefit from natural approaches but require supervision by a skilled integrative physician.

We must get away from mainstream medicine’s insistence on treating depression and other mental illnesses with drugs that have dangerous side effects for the patient and for society. Confinement in mental hospitals may hurt rather than help the problem without understanding this fundamental point.

Read the full article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/forbes-calls-for-re-institutionalizing-the-mentally-ill/

Free Shipping Available for this book!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43913,"by Brian Shilhavy

The Mighty One, God, the LORD, speaks and summons the earth from the rising of the sun to the place where it sets… Our God comes and will not be silent; a fire devours before him, and around him a tempest rages. (Psalm 50:1-3)

The author of Psalm 50 was very emphatic about who he was writing about at the beginning of this Psalm, using three different terms for God, the Creator of heaven and earth. In a culture filled with idolatrous worship of other things and other “gods”, the author didn’t want to leave any doubt about who he was writing about. Psalm 50 is a clear reminder of who God is, his place in the universe, and what he expects of his people. It offers valuable lessons for us also here in the 21st century.

First, Psalm 50 establishes the fact that God is both the owner and the ruler of the physical universe – both heaven and earth. And as the ruler, he has something to say to the inhabitants. God is not a silent ruler. He speaks. It is within our best interest to listen to what he has to say.

The main point Psalm 50 is trying to communicate is that God is not concerned about religion – a system of activities or rules that people use to try and please God or earn his favor. No, God is not concerned with religious activity. He wants a relationship with us. That is the heart of what he is trying to communicate to his people in Psalm 50.

The religious system in place during the day this Psalm was written was a Jewish system of sacrifices that were started during the days of Moses. It was never intended to be a religious system where the people would earn God’s favor by performing these sacrificial duties prescribed by the law. It was intended to be a reminder to the people of how dependent they were on God, both for their spiritual needs as well as their physical needs. The purpose was to draw their hearts and minds back to God, and to rely on him alone for all of their needs. That kind of worship, where one totally depends on God alone for all their needs by walking in faith, is what was supposed to separate the Jewish people from all other nations and religions.

So God reminds them in this Psalm that they have lost their focus, and that they have replaced their dependency on him with religious activities:

I do not rebuke you for your sacrifices or your burnt offerings, which are ever before me. I have no need of a bull from your stall or of goats from your pens, for every animal of the forest is mine, and the cattle on a thousand hills. I know every bird in the mountains, and the creatures of the field are mine. If I were hungry I would not tell you, for the world is mine, and all that is in it. Do I eat the flesh of bulls or drink the blood of goats? (Psalm 50:8-13)

Notice that he states that he is not rebuking them for the sacrifices. The acts of sacrificing themselves were not wrong, they were written in the law that he had given to them after all. It was their perspective on the meaning of those sacrifices that bothered God. He is basically saying “how foolish of you to think that Ineed these sacrifices for some reason. I already own the universe, including all your livestock and all the wild animals that are not domesticated. I know every single one of them. So what makes you think I need these things? You have lost your focus on the purpose of these sacrifices.”

Fortunately, God does not simply stop there with pointing out their faults. His criticism is a “constructive criticism” designed to get them to change their behavior for their own benefit. He goes on to state what he really desires from his people:

Sacrifice thank offerings to God, fulfill your vows to the Most High, and call upon me in the day of trouble; I will deliver you, and you will honor me. (Psalm 50:14-15)

God knows that we can do nothing apart from him. The very air that we breathe every second of our existence is dependent upon him. He desires a relationship, not religion. He wants us to come to him foreverything, both in good times and in difficult times. When we enjoy any good thing in life, he wants us to thank him. That’s a sacrifice, because it takes a sacrifice on our part to set aside time to focus our thoughts and mind on God and thank him for his blessings in our life. When things are not going well in our lives, he wants us to turn to him for help, because he is the best person in the universe, being its creator and ruler, to supply what is lacking in our lives.

Things have not changed much today. The principles all remain exactly the same. Most of us have religious or what we consider “spiritual” activities that we do, and it is easy to think and engage in these activities thinking that we are pleasing God somehow. But God is not pleased with our religious activities. He wants a relationship with us. He speaks to us all the time, and perhaps he is speaking to you right now through this message you are reading. Will you make a sacrifice of thanks to him today, and take time to listen to him? He knows what your needs are, and he has the solution.

Is any one of you in trouble? He should pray. Is anyone happy? Let him sing songs of praise. (James 5:13)

Ask, and it will be given to you; seek, and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you. For everyone who asks receives, and he who seeks finds, and to him who knocks it will be opened. Or what man is there among you who, when his son asks for a loaf, will give him a stone? Or if he asks for a fish, he will not give him a snake, will he? If you then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more will your Father who is in heaven give what is good to those who ask Him! (Matthew 7:7-11)

O Lord, open my lips, and my mouth will declare your praise. You do not delight in sacrifice, or I would bring it; you do not take pleasure in burnt offerings. The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise. (Psalm 51:15-17)

Read the Full Article Here: http://network.sophiamedia.com/created4health/devotionals/God_Speaks_are_You_Listening.htm",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17328,"by Dr. Mercola [1]

Omega-3 fats were shown several years ago to prevent retinopathy, a major form of blindness. A follow-up study reveals exactly how omega-3’s provide this protection.

Retinopathy is an eye disease caused by leaky blood vessels in the retina. Omega-3 fats are highly concentrated in the retina, where they have a direct effect on blood vessel growth (angiogenesis) that selectively promotes the growth of healthy blood vessels and inhibits abnormal ones.

Science Daily reports:

“[The researchers] isolated the specific compound from omega-3 fatty acids that has these beneficial effects in mice (a metabolite of the omega-3 fatty acid DHA, known as 4-HDHA), and the enzyme that produces it (5-lipoxygenase, or 5-LOX).”

Sources:

Science Daily February 9, 2011

Read the Full Article Here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/vitalvotes/archive/2011/02/21/how-omega3-fats-prevent-blindness.aspx [1]

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32321,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

What would motivate a retired married couple to attempt a petition demanding a policy of advising CoQ10 when doctors prescribe cholesterol-lowering statin drugs?

In Japan it is required to prescribe CoQ10 with statin drugs, but not in the U.S.

Peter (Pete) and Terry Mare [1] stumbled on some startling information about statins and CoQ10 as part of their personal experience dealing with the medical establishment and their refusal to remain silent about what they discovered.

Pete’s first encounter with statins came with Pravachol that he was prescribed in 2002 despite his liver problems. Within two months of extreme illness, a sonogram showed his liver was half dead with fatty liver. That was it for him and statins, but he didn’t quite know why yet.

In September of 2007, a large nodule was discovered in Pete’s lungs. Nodules are often benign unless they are large or getting larger. This concerned him enough to beg for solutions outside the medical establishment. He wasn’t keen on chemo. So he asked his acupuncturist what he could do about it.

The secretary, who was Chinese, heard his question and said she would ask her father for advice. He was a chief medical researcher in China. Through the secretary, he advised Pete to take 200 milligrams of CoQ10 daily based on CoQ10 studies he had done with mice in 1992 for both preventing and curing lung cancer.

Pete went on the CoQ10 and went back for another CT scan in December of that same year, 2007. The nodule was gone. Pete told the doctor about the CoQ10, and he got angry, claiming that it wasn’t a nodule to begin with and his report would state that. This was the beginning of further inquiry from both Peter and his wife Terry, who had worked in medical research labs as a histologist [2].

Whenever they discovered something that didn’t make sense and questioned it, they were dismissed. While visiting Sloane-Kettering, they asked a doctor “why isn’t CoQ10 recommended for heart health and cancer prevention like baby aspirins are for preventing heart attacks?” The doctor turned his back to them, muttering, “There’s too much money involved.” (Source) [1]

How Statin Drugs Induce Worse Heart Health

The least publicized actual side effect of cholesterol-lowering statin drugs that complements the dangerous intended effect of reducing cholesterol is they also block CoQ10 production, which is already waning among those aged 40 and older.

That’s the age when people begin getting prescribed statins per the newest statin drug guidelines. The irony is that CoQ10 is vital for good heart health!

CoQ10 is on high demand from cells in muscle tissue, and the muscle that works the most without rest is the heart. Instead of supplementing CoQ10 when one reaches the 40 year plus mark, he or she will likely be prescribed statin drugs for life as a preventative against cardiovascular disease and heart attack.

As statin drugs decrease one’s already lowered CoQ10 production from aging, the heart can get slowly weaker, leading to congestive heart failure. This is when the heart keeps beating, but it is so weak it isn’t strong enough to maintain blood flow throughout to meet the body’s needs.

Instead of the pain that accompanies a sudden heart attack, gradually one begins to have less and less energy. Excessive tiredness comes in that may be incorrectly attributed to aging or being out of shape. Exercise only further exposes one’s breathing problems. Distended belly and leg swelling also occur.

This can go on for years with increasing disability until there is a total heart failure. The newest guidelines for statins almost require physicians to put patients on statins as a preventative practice for life. As the CoQ10 deficiency worsens from statins, the poor patient goes into a debilitating spiral without any recognition to its true cause.

The statin side effects of muscle pain and weakness many experience are associated with diminished ATP, the energy molecule that’s essential to efficient cellular metabolism from the mitochondria. CoQ10 is vital for ATP functionality.

This is proven when CoQ10 is administered to congestive heart failure patients diagnosed in its late stages. The study supplemental ubiquinol in patients with advanced congestive heart failure provides the evidence.

The researchers focused on patients with advanced stage IV congestive heart failure, the most severe form of the disease. Patients were supplemented with 580 mg of the ubiquinol form of coenzyme Q10 daily to increase plasma blood levels by a factor of four. Ubiquonol is a type of CoQ10 that could be considered ready to roll without going through as much of a process in the body.

Ubiquinol is a good choice for patients whose bodies are in weakened conditions, and most of the participants were considered critically ill and confined to bed or a wheel chair. After a regimen of ubiquinol, patients typically improved two classification levels (Stage IV to II or III to I).

The researchers found “the improvement in plasma CoQ10 levels is correlated with both clinical improvement and improvement in measurement of left ventricular function.” (Study abstract) [3]

It is not necessary for most to use the more expensive form of ubiquinone called ubiquinol. The study cited above had used seriously ill hospital patients and was cited to prove the power of CoQ10. Most can experience health promoting value from the ubiquinone form of coenzyme 10 or CoQ10. (Source) [4]

Overall Illness and Morbidity Affected by Diminished CoQ10

Other overall health issues accrue from diminished ATP quantity and functionality. A 2013 Harvard Medical School study performed among 32 hospital patients of varying levels of illness sought to determine if there is a correlation with low CoQ10 blood levels and serious illness and septic shock.

The study, Critical illness is associated with decreased plasma levels of coenzyme Q-10: A cross-sectional study, was intended to determine if the known connection of low plasma CoQ10 also applied to other types of critical illness. It concluded:

“Decreased plasma CoQ10 levels are not specific to patients with SS [septic shock], but rather observed in a broad range of critically ill patients. In critically ill patients, CoQ10 insufficiency may be associated with various conditions; age may be a risk factor.” (Study abstract) [5]

Mitochondrial dysfunction adversely affects many aspects of human health, in addition to cardiac dysfunction. Its proper functioning plays an important role in the reducing worsening health from the aging process.

Many neurological disorders such as chronic fatigue, multiple sclerosis (MS), seizures, and other autoimmune diseases can be traced to mitochondrial dysfunction and low ATP. Yet there are those within mainstream medicine who claim statins prevent MS.

This process of producing ATP in cells, which occurs in the cells’ mitochondria, is a major feature of cellular respiration. When cellular respiration falters, this creates an inability for cells to properly utilize oxygen, forcing the cells into fermenting glucose for their survival, thus creating early stages of cancer.

Cancer cells thrive on high acidity and they are anaerobic, meaning they do well with fermenting glucose and don’t need oxygen. Cancer cannot thrive in an alkaline inner terrain with oxygen. This is why oxygen therapies, rapid alkalizing compounds, and the Budwig Diet [6]are effective against cancer.

CoQ10 or Ubiquinol is important for even more than heart health, it is vital for good overall health, cancer prevention, and a helpful adjunct for treating cancer, once it is established.

The link to that petition by Peter and Terry Mare to prescribe CoQ10 with statins can be accessed here [7].",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
792,"We have previously reported how Dr. Paul Offit, the mainstream media's go-to doctor to support vaccines, has huge conflicts of interest, and is a very dangerous man. We mentioned how Paul Offit wants mandatory vaccines for every single child in the United States, and he feels his voice in the matter should over-rule parental choice. So with the mainstream media giving him basically a free pass to preach his message, Offit has attacked anyone who dares to question his view on vaccines. Earlier this year, he publicly stated at the Health Journalism 2014 meeting that journalists should NOT be balanced in their reporting about vaccines. He wants only one side reported, his side, and he stated publicly that journalists who publish the other side should go to ""journalism jail."" Offit thinks that only medical exemptions should be issued for vaccines, and has campaigned for ending religious and philosophical exemptions. Allowing only medical exemptions would give complete control of America's school-age children to the medical system in regards to vaccines. So should doctors like Offit be considered authorities on religious and philosophical exemptions to vaccines? He claims science trumps philosophy or religion. So if you object to things in vaccines such as cells from aborted human embryos, monkey kidneys, aborted calf fetus blood, mouse brains, etc. - too bad. According to Offit, only doctors should make those decisions. For a response to Dr. Offit by another doctor, Dr. Suzanne Humphries, we republish with her consent a previous rebuttal she wrote to Dr. Offit below. Turns out that not all doctors agree with Offit after all...",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24335,"by Tania Melkonian

GreenMedInfo.com

While millions around the world consume foods and beverages sweetened with Splenda (sucralose) with abandon, an accumulating body of research indicates that this synthetic chemical is far from safe, may contribute to obesity and blood sugar disorders, and more recently has even been linked to leukemia in animal experiments.

For several years now, Greenmedinfo (GMI) has consolidated scientific study abstracts from the National Library of Medicine about Splenda (sucralose) and its potential health related effects. Two articles citing the most compelling research are The Bitter Truth about Splenda and Splenda (Sucralose) Found to have Diabetes Promoting Effects, both by GMI’s founder, Sayer Ji. The former refers to its xenobiotic nature, i.e. its metabolically foreign chemical properties, 1 and provides evidence that when the sensation of sweetness is disassociated from ‘food,’ i.e. a source of calories or nutrition, it is either unrecognizable by the body, or disrupts the body neuroendocrine system in an adverse manner. 2

The latter article focuses on the potential sucralose has to promote diabetic and /or pre-diabetic disease processes within the human body. The results delineated in the study point to just a single dose of sucralose resulting in increases in blood sugar concentration, increases in insulin levels and decreases in insulin sensitivity, all of which are possible pre-cursors to diabetes. 3

The study came to the attention of a Johnson & Johnson spokesperson, who submitted a rebuttal letter to our founder. View it here.

On the surface, the J&J rebuttal reasonably addresses the points of view expressed in these articles. However, on further analysis, it is clear that several of its criticisms are superficial: namely, that the study did not test subjects with diabetes (even though the sucralose ingestion is clearly attributed to an increase in blood glucose levels and insulin secretion in subjects) and second, the methodology of the study which, Thomas notes, was ‘small.. and was not backed by scientific collective data’ 4

Despite the J&J spokesperson’s criticism of the verifiability of the study referenced in the GMI article, as well as the glaring fact that several of the studies she refers to that found there were no adverse effects of Splenda were funded by the manufacturer of the chemical, the declaration with which she closes her rebuttal is egregiously lacking in scientific evidence itself. “Experts from around the worldhave found that SPLENDA® Brand Sweetener is suitable for everyone, including those with diabetes. Up to 4 packets of SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener or up to 8 teaspoons of SPLENDA® No Calorie Sweetener, Granulated, are considered a “free food” in a meal plan for people with diabetes. The Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics and the American Diabetes Association consider a free food for people with diabetes to be any food or beverage that contains less than 20 calories and 5 grams or less of carbohydrate per serving. In fact, SPLENDA® Brand Sweetener can play a useful role in diabetes management.”

On May 30 the Daily Mail published an article online with the headline “Could artificial sweetener CAUSE diabetes? Splenda ‘modifies way the body handles sugar’, increasing insulin production by 20%” which represents a view in direct opposition to J&J’s refutation. There were a number of methods in this study which were markedly different from other similar studies on the effects of Splenda. For example, the study used subjects who were clinically obese with the rationale that artificial sweeteners, like Splenda, are often prescribed to overweight individuals. In this study, which was published in the ‘Journal Diabetes Care’, all subjects were tested over two visits. If, during one visit a subject was given water to drink before being given glucose water, during the other he or she was given sucralose dissolved in water before drinking the glucose. Participants who drank sucralose prior to consuming glucose saw a 20% higher increase in insulin levels. Over time, this could lead to insulin resistance. Moreover, in many studies on the effects of artificial sweeteners, the sweetener is given to study participants by itself. In fact, notes, Yanina Pepino, the research assistant & professor of medicine at the Washington School of Medicine who lead the study, artificial sweeteners are rarely consumed on their own. They are usually used to sweeten other foods. So, she concludes, their effect in combination with other foods is significant. ‘Our results indicate that this artificial sweetener is not inert – it does have an effect,’ said Pepino.

More recently, on June 12th, the Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPINET), decided to downgrade Splenda’s safety rating in its Chemical Cuisine guide to food additives. According to the CSPINET’s website:

“The nonprofit food safety watchdog group had long rated sucralose as “safe,” but is now placing it in the “caution” category pending a review of an unpublished study by an independent Italian laboratory that found that the sweetener caused leukemia in mice. The only previous long-term feeding studies in animals were conducted by the compound’s manufacturers.”

The CSPINET’s Chemical Cuisine page on sucralose elaborated on the leukemia link:

“…what might be the greatest cause for concern, in 2012 an independent Italian laboratory announced (but has not yet published) a study that found that sucralose caused leukemia in mice that were exposed from before birth. That was the same lab that several years earlier published studies indicating that aspartame caused cancers in rats and mice.”

Any argument can be made or destroyed by the deftness with which relevant statistics are highlighted or diluted – whatever the case may be. Certainly, it is true that a study is only as strong as its statistical integrity, its field process, the objectivity of the funding and regulating bodies and its relevance. Relying solely on the circumferential, however, may serve merely to distract readers toward what they may already – albeit unconsciously – believe or want to believe. If that is true then neither manipulating statistics nor journalistic smoke and mirrors will do anything to truly educate or inform and certainly won’t change anyone’s mind. Perhaps the only way to begin is with unassailable truths. Let’s do that.

Undisputed fact #1: “Sucralose/Splenda is produced through artificially substituting three hydroxyl groups (hydrogen + oxygen) with three chlorine atoms in the sugar (sucrose) molecule.”

Undisputed fact #2: the above chemical process renders sucralose a synthetic chlorocarbon.

Undisputed #3 many pesticides, disinfectants and Chlorox Bleach are also contain or are composed of synthetic chlorocarbons.

The above are incontestable and, therefore, form solid base from which to answer the fundamental questions of whether or not Splenda is safe (at the initial level of enquiry) or (further along in the assessment process) beneficial, as its manufacturers and government regulator ‘cheerleaders’ maintain.

Let’s assume for a moment that none of the unassailable facts about sucralose listed above are compelling enough – individually or taken together – to dissuade its use by many. We can move on to the question of whether or not it is beneficial. After all, if we return the argument to its most lucid layer, aren’t we just fighting for the general acceptance of a substitute for something we don’t even need in its original rendition? Do we really need to analyze this alternative sweetener when the thing for which it provides an alternative (sugar) is, itself, superfluous at best. (At worst, it encourages inflammation, cancer and blood dysfuntion. For the sake of argument, however, we can consider it innocuous). In the same way that make-up is neither necessary to human function nor universally employed, sugar is highly recognized as toxic and avoided by many. So, developing and selling permanent make-up products in order to provide a more convenient alternative to an already unnecessary commodity, is akin to what we are doing with sucralose. It seems shallow and exhaustive to focus on the ‘permanent make-up’ when we should be asking ourselves why we are so desperately reliant on the make-up in the first place.

We should examine our extreme need for sweetness in a concentrated, supplemental form and spend research dollars and time figuring out how we got here and back pedal ourselves out. We need to rinse our faces clean and find the natural blush in the apple of our cheeks and get our sugar high from our apples.

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/splenda%C2%AE-sucra-highs-and-sucralose-miracle-sweetener-or-cause-leukemia

Tania is a mother, chef, teacher and writer. She is the co-founder of EATomology: An Edible Philosophy of Food and co-presents ‘Edible Education’ Experiences with Sayer Ji, Greenmedinfo.com founder. The EATomology cookbook, food philosophy, and food as medicine guide they are co-authoring is currently in progress. Tania’s writing has appeared online and in Natural Awakenings Magazine. Learn more about Tania and her work at http://eatomology.com/

Sources:

1. Despite the intended insinuation, sucralose is not a form of sucrose (cane sugar). Sucralose/Splenda is produced through artificially substituting three hydroxyl groups (hydrogen + oxygen) with three chlorine atoms in the sugar (sucrose) molecule. Natural sugar is a hydrocarbon built around 12 carbon atoms. When transformed into Splenda it becomes a chlorocarbon, in the same family as deadly pesticides like DDT, insecticides, biocides, disinfectants like Chlorox Bleach, and WWI poison gas like dichlorourea

2. When one uncouples the experience of “sweetness” from caloric content, the body becomes confused because it does not receive nourishment and therefore will not attain satiety – this, in turn, leads to overindulgence. Indeed, new studies have shown exactly this: those who consume synthetic sweeteners are more prone to obesity. What this means is that when we ingest something sweet, it should also have caloric and nutritional content. Anything less than this equation is a recipe for failure and ill health.

3. We evaluated the acute effects of sucralose ingestion on the metabolic response to an oral glucose load in obese subjects.RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODSSeventeen obese subjects (BMI 42.3 ± 1.6 kg/m(2)) who did not use NNS and were insulin sensitive (based on a homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance score ≤2.6) underwent a 5-h modified oral glucose tolerance test on two separate occasions preceded by consuming either sucralose (experimental condition) or water (control condition) 10 min before the glucose load in a randomized crossover design. Indices of β-cell function, insulin sensitivity (SI), and insulin clearance rates were estimated by using minimal models of glucose, insulin, and C-peptide kinetics. RESULTSCompared with the control condition, sucralose ingestion caused 1) a greater incremental increase in peak plasma glucose concentrations (4.2 ± 0.2 vs. 4.8 ± 0.3 mmol/L; P = 0.03), 2) a 20 ± 8% greater incremental increase in insulin area under the curve (AUC) (P < 0.03), 3) a 22 ± 7% greater peak insulin secretion rate (P < 0.02), 4) a 7 ± 4% decrease in insulin clearance (P = 0.04), and 5) a 23 ± 20% decrease in SI (P = 0.01). (http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/23633524/

4.“This study did not involve people with diabetes. Importantly, the study was a small study that is not backed by the collective scientific data. Clinical studies in people with Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes and non-diabetic people have shown that SPLENDA® Brand Sweetener (sucralose) does not affect blood glucose levels, insulin, or HbA1c.”



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32920,"by Dr. Marianna Pochelli

PreventDisease.com

Just one serving a day of tomato-based foods can have an incredibly beneficial effect on your health. Not only can they reduce heart disease, but they could potentially prevent and reverse dozens of diseases if eaten daily. This is one fruit you don’t want to leave out of your diet.

1. REDUCE HEART DISEASE

According to Tufts and Boston University researchers, the highest average intakes of lycopene were linked to almost a 30% reduction in the incidence of cardiovascular disease and coronary heart disease, respectively, according to findings published in the British Journal of Nutrition.

2. VITAMIN AND MINERAL RICH

They provide the body with a tremendous amount of natural vitamins and minerals such as vitamin A, vitamin K, vitamins B1, B3, B5, B6, B7, excellent vitamin C, folate, iron, potassium, magnesium, chromium, choline, zinc, and phosphorus.

3. TOMATOES CAN REDUCE DAMAGE BY SMOKING INCLUDING SECOND HAND SMOKE

Tomatoes can reduce the amount of damage done to your body by smoking cigarettes or inhaling second hand smoke. Tomatoes contain coumaric acid and chlorogenic acid that work to protect the body from carcinogens that are produced from cigarette smoke.

4. THEY NATURALLY ENHANCE FLAVOR

Tomatoes can enhance the flavor of almost any cooked dish. Whole tomatoes, chopped tomatoes and tomato sauce freeze well for future use in cooked dishes. Cooking tomatoes — such as in spaghetti sauce — makes the fruit heart-healthier and boosts its cancer-fighting ability. All this, despite a loss of vitamin C during the cooking process, substantially raises the levels of beneficial phytochemicals. Research demonstrates that heat processing actually enhanced the nutritional value of tomatoes by increasing the lycopene content.

5. DENSE IN PHYTONUTRIENTS

In terms of phytonutrients, few vegetables compare with tomatoes. They contain flavonones, flavonols, hydroxycinnamic acids, carotenoids, glycosides and even fatty acid derivatives. Better antioxidant protection has also been shown using broad measurements of oxidative stress in different body systems including neurodegenerative diseases.

6. ORGANIC TOMATOES ARE KING

Tomatoes grown by organic methods contain more phenolic compounds than those grown using commercial standards, but be sure of your source as many organic tomatoes imported from Mexico contained residues of pesticides exceeding allowable limits.

7. IMPROVES DIGESTION AND PREVENTS CONSTIPATION

They help to improve the functioning of the digestive system and the liver, and the prevention of constipation, especially when mixed with spinach juice.

8. REDUCES DANGERS OF STATIN DRUGS

Recent evidence shows that just two ounces of tomato paste or a pint of juice a day could be enough to help many patients avoid dangerous statins, the class of drugs commonly prescribed for these conditions, which can lead to heart problems.

9. PREVENT KIDNEY AND GALL BLADDER STONES

They work as a disinfectant to protect the body from diarrhea and prevents the appearance of kidney stones and gall bladder stones in the long term. They also dramatically reduce the incidence of lower urinary tract symptoms.

10. HEALTHY HAIR

Drinking tomato juice constantly improves the appearance and texture of hair, and since it is rich in vitamin k, it helps to strengthen the tufts of hair and increase its luster as well as the revitalization of growth.

11. SKIN HEALTH

Rich tomato components fight acne and prevent damage to skin cells. Studies have indicated that drinking two cups of tomato juice a day helps to improve the overall appearance of the skin in a short period of time.

12. BONE HEALTH

Tomatoes help maintain healthy bones strengthened by enhancing the ratio of calcium in the body. Interestingly, the connection of tomato intake to bone health involves the rich supply of antioxidant in tomatoes.

13. STRENGTHENS IMMUNE SYSTEM

Daily consumption of tomatoes is working to increase the proportion of vitamin C in the blood, which inhibits the levels of stress hormones and strengthens the immune system. So drinking tomato juice helps ease tension and stress.

14. REDUCE BLOOD CLOT RISKS

Tomato juice helps to reduce the risk of blood clots. The excessive clumping together of platelet cells can cause problems for our bloodstream in terms of blockage and unwanted clotting, and prevention of this excessive clumping is important for maintaining heart health. Numerous phytonutrients in tomatoes have been shown to help prevent excessive clumping of our platelet cells.

15. INCREASES FAT BURNING CAPACITY

Tomatoes stimulate the production of the amino acid carnitine which has been shown in research to speed the body’s fat-burning capacity by over 30 percent.

16. PROTECTS VISION AND DEGENERATIVE EYE DISEASE

Because tomatoes are a rich source of the phytonutrients beta carotene, lutein, and zeaxanthin, they can help improve vision and protect your eyes from degeneration.

17. PREVENTS STROKE

New research in the journal Harvard Health Letter found that diets rich in tomatoes can help prevent stroke. The scientists chalk up the results to tomatoes’ rich lycopene content.

18. RESTORES BIOCHEMICAL BALANCE IN DIABETICS

According to new research in the journal Cell Biochemistry and Biophysics, scientists created diabetic conditions in animals and fed some lycopene while others were fed their typical diet free of lycopene. The biochemistry of animals fed lycopene returned to normal while the others stayed at diabetic levels. This study shows promise that lycopene (found in tomatoes) can help restore biochemical balance in diabetics.

19. REDUCES PROSTATE CANCER RISK

Tomatoes are rich in natural fiber which maintains the health of the colon as it reduces the risk of prostate cancer which affects 1 in 8 men. One key tomato nutrient that has received special focus in prostate cancer prevention is alpha-tomatine. Alpha-tomatine is a saponin phytonutrient and it’s shown the ability to alter metabolic activity in developing prostate cancer cells. It’s also been shown to trigger programmed cell death (apoptosis) in prostate cancer cells that have already been fully formed. Research on alpha-tomatine has also been conducted for non-small cell lung cancer, with similar findings.

20. REDUCES BREAST CANCER RISK

Breast cancer can also be reduced with tomatoes. Exciting research in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute shows that higher amounts of carotenoids including alpha-carotene, beta-carotene, lutein, zeaxanthin, lycopene, and total carotenoids may have a reduced risk of breast cancer.

Tips for Preparing Tomatoes

Before serving, wash tomatoes under cool running water and pat dry.

If your recipe requires seeded tomatoes, cut the fruit in half horizontally and gently squeeze out the seeds and the juice. However, we encourage you to think about the recipe and consider whether the tomato could be incorporated with seeds intact. There are simply too many valuable nutrients in the seeds that you would not want to lose unnecessarily.

When cooking tomatoes, we recommend avoidance of aluminum cookware since the high acid content of the tomatoes may interact with the metal in the cookware. As a result, there may be migration of aluminum into the food, which may not only impart an unpleasant taste, but more importantly, may have a potentially unwanted impact on your health.

Whenever possible, try to develop recipes that make use of the whole tomato. We’ve seen research showing higher lycopene content in whole tomato products. For example, when the skins of tomatoes are included in the making of the tomato paste, the lycopene and beta-carotene content of the paste is significant higher according to research studies.

Read the full article here.



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
35712,"by Christina England

Health Impact News

On November 2, 2017, Neil Z. Miller made an online announcement that was guaranteed to shock thousands of parents worldwide.

In a post, written on the popular social media platform Facebook, Miller exposed that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) had recently hatched a plan to ensure that ALL children were up to date with their scheduled vaccinations, whether they were vaccinated or unvaccinated.

He revealed that the CDC had launched a catch-up program which could cause an unvaccinated 5-year-old to receive as many as 19 vaccinations in one month.

He wrote that:

“The CDC has just launched a program that will calculate a catch-up schedule for children who were not vaccinated on schedule. A 5-year-old child who was not previously vaccinated would be required to receive 19 vaccines in one month, including 6 doses of aluminum-containing injections! This catch-up schedule was NOT tested for safety to determine the immediate or long-term risk of neurological or immunological damage.” (own emphasis)

Following the links provided by Miller, it appears that the CDC table of vaccinations required in their catch-up program had been approved by the following organizations:

Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices – (www.cdc.gov/vaccines/acip)

American Academy of Pediatrics – (www.aap.org)

American Academy of Family Physicians – (www.aafp.org)

American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists – (www.acog.org)

See tables here.

Could their latest step be yet another one of the many underhanded tactics used by the CDC to implement mandatory vaccination?

Higher Number of Vaccinations Equals Higher Number of Infant Deaths

That number of vaccinations administered in such a short time frame could potentially kill a young child, and if anyone would know how dangerous administering 19 vaccinations in one month could be, it would be Neil Z. Miller.

According to his bio, Miller has devoted the past 30 years of his life to not only educating parents and health practitioners about the dangers of vaccines, but also encouraging informed consent and non-mandatory laws.

In 2011, Miller and his co-author Gary S. Goldman published an extremely well-written paper titled Infant mortality rates regressed against number of vaccine doses routinely given: Is there a biochemical or synergistic toxicity?

Their paper highlighted the fact that the countries with the highest number of vaccinations on their schedule were the same countries that had the highest number of infant mortalities.

Using a number of tables, the researchers were able to determine that the number of infant deaths appeared to coincide with the number of vaccinations being administered in each country.

Through rigorous research, they discovered that the lower the number of vaccines being recommended, the lower the number of infant deaths.

They wrote:

“The infant mortality rate is expressed as the number of infant deaths per 1000 live births. According to the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which keeps accurate, up-to-date infant mortality statistics throughout the world, in 2009 there were 33 nations with better infant mortality rates than the United States.”

They determined that in 2009, a total of 26 vaccine doses were recommended for children under the age of one in the U.S. The team then compared the number of vaccine doses being recommended in each country against the number of infant deaths.

From their calculations, they were able to determine that not only did the U.S. recommend the highest number of vaccinations, but that they also had the highest number of infant deaths.

Since 2009, the number of vaccinations being recommended to infants has significantly increased. According to recent reports, the U.S. vaccination schedule currently recommends that children receive a total of 56 injections of 73 doses of 30 different vaccines beginning on day one of their life.

It would be interesting to know if the infant mortality rate has continued to rise, just as Miller had predicted.

Miller’s 2011 paper was not the only paper in which he made it abundantly clear that multiple vaccinations could endanger the life of a young child.

Combining Childhood Vaccinations in One Visit is Potentially Life-Threatening

In September 2016, Miller and his co-author Goldman published a paper titled Combining Childhood Vaccines at One Visit Is Not Safe.

Using data taken from the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) website, Miller was able to prove that the more vaccines a child received at any given time, the more likely an adverse reaction could occur.

They wrote that:

“… Of the 38,801 VAERS reports that we analyzed, 969 infants received two vaccine doses prior to the adverse event and 107 of those infants were hospitalized: a hospitalization rate of 11%. Of 1,959 infants who received three vaccine doses prior to the adverse event, 243 of them required hospitalization: 12.4%. For four doses, 561 of 3,909 infants were hospitalized: 14.4%. Notice the emerging pattern: Infants who had an adverse event reported to VAERS were more likely to require hospitalization when they received three vaccine doses instead of two, or four vaccine doses instead of three.”

The researchers continued:

“… Of 10,114 infants who received five vaccine doses prior to the adverse event, 1,463 of them required hospitalization: 14.5%. For six doses, 1,365 of 8,454 infants were hospitalized: 16.1%. For seven doses, 1,051 of 5,489 infants were hospitalized: 19.1%. And for eight doses, 661 of 2,817 infants were hospitalized: 23.5%. The hospitalization rate increased linearly from 11.0% for two doses to 23.5% for eight doses.”

In other words, the more vaccines that an infant received, the more likely they were to suffer an adverse reaction.

Miller and Goldman explained that:

“Of the 38,801 VAERS reports that we analyzed, 11,927 infants received one, two, three, or four vaccine doses prior to having an adverse event, and 423 of those infants died: a mortality rate of 3.6%. The remaining 26,874 infants received five, six, seven, or eight vaccine doses prior to the adverse event and 1,458 of them died: 5.4%. The mortality rate for infants who received five to eight vaccine doses (5.4%) is significantly higher than the mortality rate for infants who received one to four doses (3.6%), with a rate ratio(RR) of 1.5 (95% CI, 1.4-1.7). Of infants reported to VAERS, those who had received more vaccines had a statistically significant 50% higher mortality rate compared with those who had received fewer.”

To read more on Miller’s paper, see my article: New Study Warns of the Dangers of Multiple Vaccinations.

Unvaccinated Baby Died When Doctor Guessed Number of Vaccines He Should Receive

Sadly, Miller was correct, because in 2015, I wrote the tragic story of six month-old Bently, who died after his doctor made an “educated” guess and administered 13 vaccinations in one day. I wrote:

“Imagine being emotionally blackmailed by your doctor to have your baby vaccinated with a lethal cocktail of 13 vaccines, which included two doses of the DTaP, three doses of the oral rotavirus vaccine and two doses of the polio vaccination. It sounds impossible, doesn’t it?”

However, this is exactly what happened to Alisa Neathery when she took her six month-old unvaccinated baby to the doctor for the first time.

She told VacTruth:

“Prior to the shots being given, when the doctor was discussing the pros of getting vaccinated with me, he explained how he was from a village in Africa. That we were lucky in America to have the opportunity to receive vaccines because where he was from, the mothers had to have like 11 kids each, since most would die off from disease because they were not as fortunate to receive vaccines like we are here in America. He really pushed them on me hard. He spent a lot of time convincing me to give Bently the vaccines, but when it was done, we never saw the doctor again.”

According to Alisa, the doctor spent a long time deciding exactly which vaccinations Bently should receive and told Alisa that they shouldn’t give him too many. The doctor eventually decided on a total of 13 vaccinations, which Alisa now believes led to Bently’s death just five days later.

You can listen to Alisa’s tragic story in full, as she explained to Richie Allen exactly what happened on the day she decided to have her child vaccinated.

With Alisa’s story in mind, we asked Miller if he could comment on the CDC’s catch-up vaccination program. He told us that:

The CDC’s catch-up schedule is unscientific, dangerous, and criminal. A 5-year-old child who was not previously vaccinated would be required to receive 19 vaccines — biological drugs — in one month, including 6 doses of aluminum-containing injections! This catch-up schedule was not tested for safety to determine the immediate and long-term risk of neurological and immunological harm. It will cause irreversible health damage in an unfortunate number of children. A CDC report on combining pharmaceuticals found that they can induce additive or synergistic toxicity causing ‘unexpected deleterious health effects’ much greater than expected following exposure to a single substance. Health authorities responsible for advocating multiple vaccines to children in an accelerated time frame are devoid of scientific integrity, lack common sense, and should be held accountable for child endangerment.

We believe that he is correct, especially since doctors determine how many vaccinations a baby should receive in one visit. The case of six month-old Bently has proven that babies can die if doctors are left to decide how many vaccinations are safe to give a young child in one day.

Alisa now has a GoFundMe campaign to raise money for legal assistance to fight for justice for her son, whose death was ruled as sudden unexpected unexplained infant death syndrome (SIDS).

For further reading on this subject, please see: Toddler Permanently Brain Damaged by a Mystery Combination Vaccination That Her Parents Did Not Consent To.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47217,"by Brian Shilhavy

Founder, Tropical Traditions

2016 looks to be a very promising year for our new Healthy Traditions product line.

In late 2015, Tropical Traditions stopped carrying the USDA certified organic seal on all of their own products. Replacing the USDA organic standards is a new, more rigorous standard of classifying the types of products Tropical Traditions sells to the public. It is not a new standard for Tropical Traditions, as the new logos and product standards implemented reflect our values and quality of food that we have offered to the public since we started selling products in the United States in 2002.

USDA Organic Standards Allows for Some Presence of GMOs, Herbicides, and Pesticides

We made the decision to not continue certifying our products as USDA Organic late in 2014, when we discovered that most of the USDA Organic grains we were selling to our customers had residue amounts of glyphosate, the active ingredient in popular herbicides, the most well-known being Round-up, the #1 herbicide in the world. See:

Tropical Traditions has a ZERO tolerance level for GMOs, herbicides, and pesticides, and since the USDA National Organic Program (NOP) allows small residue amounts of pesticides and herbicides approved by the EPA for conventional crops to be present in USDA Organic certified products, we knew that we had to develop our own standards to both use in purchasing products directly from producers, as well as to educate our consumers on our own values and standards.

The Healthy Traditions Standards

Traditionally Produced is our highest standard. When you see the “Traditionally Produced” logo, this carries our Gold Label standard of traditionally produced food, far exceeding “organic” or “non-GMO” standards.

For foods to be considered “Traditionally Produced” they must have a “traditional” history in the food chain. New foods that have been introduced into the food chain in the past 65 to 70 years, since the Industrial Revolution, cannot carry the “Traditionally Produced” seal of approval.

Additionally, foods carrying the “Traditionally Produced” seal must also be traceable back to the actual producer. Foods that meet all the standards of “Traditionally Produced” that cannot be directly traced to the producer can still carry our “Healthy Traditions Approved” seal, if they are free from GMO and glyphosate contamination.

For foods that have a risk of contamination from GMO crops and glyphosate, we require each batch to be tested and return a result of “no detection” in order to carry ANY of our seals.

Learn more about Traditionally Produced products here.

GMO-tested is a higher standard than non-GMO verified or certified. We test any food that has a GMO equivalent before selling it to you, and we have a ZERO percent GMO tolerance. Other non-GMO verified or certified programs allow some percentage of GMO presence, usually close to 1%. GMO-tested, on the other hand, means we tested for the presence of GMOs, and found NONE – ZERO percent. If we find ANY GMO present, we do NOT sell it.

Learn more about GMO-tested products here.

Glyphosate-tested: Unlike the EPA and USDA organic program, we don’t like any glyphosate residue in our food at all. So the Tropical Traditions and Healthy Buyer’s Club product line has a zero tolerance level for glyphosate.

For all grains now, we test every batch for the presence of glyphosate. If we detect any residue present, we don’t sell it. We are also beginning to test other organic products besides grains. We cannot guarantee any food that has been outside is 100% glyphosate-free since glyphosate has even been detected in our rain water now. But we have no allowable limits at all, and so as we test our products, if we find any glyphosate present at all, we will stop selling it.

Learn more about Glyphosate-tested products here.

2016 Product Outlook for Healthy Traditions

After finding out in 2014 that some of our products that were USDA certified organic actually had residue amounts of GMOs or the herbicide glyphosate in them, we began a rigorous testing program to have better quality control over our products and minimize the possibility of contamination.

This meant dropping many of our product lines that we sourced from other vendors, as they were either not willing to let us test their products, or they could not assure us that the products we tested would be from the same batches we would purchase from them.

We lost a lot of sales as a result in 2015, as it takes time to develop new producers who are committed to the same high quality of standards that we adhere to in the Healthy Traditions program.

As we look ahead to 2016, we hope to soon have many products back online.

Corn and corn products have been the single most difficult product to source, and we have yet to find sources in the U.S. that consistently test free of GMO contamination. We have secured supplies of GMO-tested and Glyphosate-tested corn from some heirloom growers in remote areas of Mexico, and should soon have corn products available once again.

Other products we should soon have available in the near future, in addition to our wheat and ancient grains which are now available, include almond products, tomato products, our own Apple Cider Vinegar, and rice flour.

To see which products we currently offer via the Healthy Traditions product standards, be sure to visit the Healthy Traditions website.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47305,"By Lorraine Chow / EcoWatch

Alternet.org

Excerpts:

Mexico’s unique and treasured native corn varieties could be under threat as Monsanto, the world’s largest seed producer, vies to plant genetically modified (GMO) corn in the country.

In August 2015, a Mexican judged overturned a September 2013 ban on GMO corn, thus opening more business opportunities for Monsanto and other agribusinesses pending favorable later court decisions. Monsanto even announced in October 2015 that it was seeking to double its sales in the country over the next five years.

The GMO corn ban remains pending a ruling on the appeal, but a final decision could end up in Mexico’s supreme court.

Community advocates and chefs warn that Mexico’s 59 indigenous corn varieties could be under threat by GMOs. As you can see in this video from the Financial Times, the country’s most noted chefs are speaking out against a possible takeover. Roughly 80 other Mexican chefs have also joined the fight against GMO corn.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17288,"by John Summerly

PreventDisease.com

Even though more attention is usually given to their delicious oil than the whole food itself, olives are one of the world’s most widely enjoyed fruits. Yes, they are fruits even though most of us think of them as zesty vegetables. Here are 10 reasons why you should be eating these little delicacies every day.

1. Cardiovascular Benefits

When free radicals oxidize cholesterol, blood vessels are damaged and fat builds up in arteries, possibly leading to a heart attack. The antioxidant nutrients in black olives impede this oxidation of cholesterol, thereby helping to prevent heart disease. Olives do contain fat, but it’s the healthy monounsaturated kind, which has been found to shrink the risk of atherosclerosis and increase good cholesterol. When diets low in monounsaturated fat are altered to increase the monounsaturated fat content (without becoming too high in total fat), research study participants typically experience a decrease in their blood cholesterol, LDL cholesterol, and LDL:HDL ratio. All of these changes lower our risk of heart disease.

Recent research studies have also shown that the monounsaturated fat found in olives (and olive oil) can help to decrease blood pressure. The oleic acid found in olives–once absorbed up into the body and transported to our cells–can change signaling patterns at a cell membrane level (specifically, altering G-protein associated cascades). These changes at a cell membrane level result in decreased blood pressure.

2. Weight Loss

It appears that monounsaturated fats, the kind found in olives, may encourage weight loss. Olive oil consumption has been shown to breakdown fats inside fat cells, get rid of belly fat and reduce insulin insensitivity.

People who have the highest olive consumption eat fewer calories overall and are rarely overweight. Blood tests show they have higher levels of serotonin, a so-called satiety hormone that makes us feel full.

The aroma extracts from olive oil can leave us feeling fuller, cutting our calorie intake by almost 200 a day, they said.

3. Cancer Prevention

The antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties of olives make them a natural for protection against cancer because chronic oxidative stress and chronic inflammation can be key factors in the development of cancer. If our cells get overwhelmed by oxidative stress (damage to cell structure and cell function by overly reactive oxygen-containing molecules) and chronic excessive inflammation, our risk of cell cancer is increased. By providing us with rich supplies of antioxidant and anti-inflammatory nutrients, olives can help us avoid this dangerous combination of chronic oxidative stress and chronic inflammation.

Black olives are a great source of vitamin E, which has the brilliant ability to neutralize free radicals in body fat. Especially when working with the stable monounsaturated fats found in olives, vitamin E can make cellular processes safer. When such processes such as mitochondrial energy production are not well protected, the free radicals produced can cause oxidation, damaging a cell’s mitochondria, and preventing the cell from producing enough energy to supply its needs. If the DNA of a cell is damaged, it may well mutate and become cancerous. Studies have shown that a diet supplemented with olive oil leads to a lower risk of colon cancer, almost as low a risk as a diet rich in fish oil.

4. Less Pain

Spanish-style green olives, Kalamata-style olives, and many different methods of olive preparation provide us with valuable amounts of many different antioxidant and anti-inflammatory nutrients which can act as a natural Ibuprofen. Their oils contain oleocanthal, a substance with anti-inflammatory agents. Similar to classical NSAIDs, they are a type of non-selective inhibitor of cyclooxygenase (COX). 50g (more than three and a half tablespoons) of a typical virgin olive oil per day contains an amount of oleocanthal with similar anti-inflammatory effect as 1/10 of the adult ibuprofen dose.

5. Skin and Hair Health

Black olives are rich in fatty acids and antioxidants that nourish, hydrate and protect. Chief among those is vitamin E. Whether applied topically or ingested, vitamin E has been shown to protect skin from ultraviolet radiation, thus guarding against skin cancer and premature aging. You can gain a healthy, glowing complexion by washing your face in warm water, applying a few drops of olive oil to vulnerable spots, and letting it work its magic for 15 minutes before rinsing it off. In fact, you can moisturize with olive oil before any bath, and even condition your hair with it by mixing it with an egg yolk and leaving it before rinsing and washing.

6. Less Allergies

New research may help explain how olives work to provide us with anti-inflammatory benefits, especially during circumstances involving allergy. Olive extracts have now been shown to function as anti-histamines at a cellular level. By blocking special histamine receptors (called H1 receptors), unique components in olive extracts may help to lessen a cell’s histamine response. Because histamine is a molecule that can get overproduced in allergy-related conditions and can be a key player in the inflammatory process, it’s likely that the anti-inflammatory benefits we get from olives involve this anti-histamine pathway. It’s also possible that olives may have a special role to play as part of an overall anti-allergenic diet. Your circulation will improve and you’ll be able to breath easier with olive consumption. They can increase blood flow and help lessen the effects of illnesses such as asthma through its anti-inflammatory properties.

7. Digestive Tract Health

Frequent consumption of both vitamin E and the monounsaturated fats in black olives is associated with lower rates of colon cancer. These nutrients help prevent colon cancer by neutralizing free radicals. Olive oil’s protective function also has a beneficial effect on ulcers and gastritis. Olive oil activates the secretion of bile and pancreatic hormones much more naturally than prescribed drugs, thereby lowering the incidence of gallstone formation. A cup of black olives also contains 17% of the daily allowance of fiber, which promotes digestive tract health by helping to move food through the system at a healthier pace. This keeps any one part of the digestive tract from having to work too hard and supports the ideal balance of chemicals and populations of microorganisms required for a healthy digestive system.

8. Good Source of Iron

Olives, especially black are very high in iron. The ability of red blood cells to carry oxygen throughout the body is due to the presence of iron in the blood. If we suffer from a lack of iron, our tissues don’t get enough oxygen, and we may feel cold or weak. Iron also plays a vital role in the production of energy. It is a necessary part of a number of enzymes, including iron catalase, iron peroxidase, and the cytochrome enzymes. It also helps produce carnitine, a nonessential amino acid important for the utilization of fat. To top it all off, the proper function of the immune system is dependent on sufficient iron.

9. Eye Health

One cup of olives contains ten percent of the daily recommended allowance of vitamin A which, when converted into the retinal form, is crucial for healthy eyes. It enables the eye to better distinguish between light and dark, thereby improving night vision. Furthermore, Vitamin A is believed effective against cataracts, macular degeneration, glaucoma and other age-related ocular diseases.

10. Increases Blood Levels of Glutathione

Olives have shown the ability to increase blood levels of glutathione (one of the body’s premier antioxidant nutrients). Consumption of olive pulp is associated with significantly increased glutathione levels in the blood and improvement in antioxidant capacity.

How to Select Olives

While olives have been traditionally sold in jars and cans, many stores are now offering them in bulk in large barrels or bins (often called an “olive bar”). Buying bulk olives will allow you to experiment with many different types with which you may be unfamiliar and to purchase only as many as you need at one time.

While whole olives are very common, you may also find ones that have been pitted, as well as olives that have been stuffed with either peppers, garlic or almonds. If you purchase olives in bulk, make sure that the store has a good turnover and keeps their olives immersed in brine for freshness and to retain moistness. Some grocers will also use genetically modified oils such as Canola which should be avoided.

Avoid purchasing olives in cans. FDA data has shown levels of acrylamide as high as 1,925 ppb in some canned, nationally distributed brands of black pitted olives. Based on this data, higher acrylamide levels in select canned black olives may be related to specific handling, storage, processing (especially preservation and darkening methods), and heating steps that favored formation of acrylamide.

When selecting olives, beware of the label description, “hand-picked.” This description does not necessarily tell you anything helpful about the olive harvesting. Many olives are hand-picked, even though the product label makes no mention of this fact. Conversely, olives with have been mechanically harvested with a hand-held pneumatic rake are sometimes labeled as “hand-picked.”

As far olive oils go, the best processing come from ice-pressed oils which is in the complete absence of heat; a dramatic 20-30 times colder than the cold-pressed olive oil; a critical distinction in terms of maintaining the oils’ nutritive and healing potential and to staking claim as one of the world’s only RAW producers of olive oil. Taste the distinct refreshing taste!

Read the full article here: http://preventdisease.com/news/13/102013_10-Reasons-You-Should-Be-Eating-Olives.shtml

John Summerly is nutritionist, herbologist, and homeopathic practitioner. He is a leader in the natural health community and consults athletes, executives and most of all parents of children on the benefits of complementary therapies for health and prevention.



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22038,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

We have covered the history of the government’s relentless attacks against cancer doctor Stanislaw Burzynski, M.D., Ph.D. His story has also been documented in an award winning film, and you can watch one of the trailers above. You can purchase the entire film below. Dr. Burzynski has cured many people of cancer without FDA approved drugs, which is a direct threat to the largest pharmaceutical business in the world today: Cancer Treatment.

The Alliance for Natural Health brings us the latest updates on how the FDA is still attacking this doctor in Houston, by using the mainstream media, specifically USA Today. In the process, they have violated their own laws regarding patient privacy in their effort to attack Dr. Burzynski, who has been successful in treating cancer without FDA approved drugs.

UPDATE 1/21/2014:

From Alliance for Natural Health:

FDA unfairly blamed? In this instance, yes. ANH-USA strives to provide our readers with accurate, evidence-based news with integrity, and to immediately update or correct any information. In our recent article “Dying Patients Denied Access to Dr. Burzynski’s Potentially Lifesaving Treatment,” we quoted a Burzynski clinic employee who stated that the FDA shared private medical records with a USA Today reporter. We have since learned that this was not accurate. USA Today’s reporter had previously stated, “I read about N’s case in a document that Dr. Burzynski sent to the FDA, in response to its ongoing investigation.” This seemed to confirm the allegation that the FDA had given the reporter confidential patient information. However, in response to our article, the reporter now says, “Those patient records did not come from the FDA, so there was no privacy violation on their part.” The first statement appears to have been an attempt to protect the identity of the person who did provide the confidential patient information. Read More.

Unbelievable! FDA Violates Patient Privacy Laws to Bring Down Dr. Burzynski

by Alliance for Natural Health

USA Today inadvertently revealed that the FDA has released private medical records to the media—without patient consent. Action Alert!



As we report in our article, “Inside USA Today’s Smear Campaign Against Dr. Burzynski,” USA Today recently published a series of misleading articles, vilifying Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski, a cancer pioneer specializing in hard-to-treat cancers, who has saved many lives. In the course of their otherwisereckless “reporting,” USA Today inadvertently exposed the FDA’s violation of patient privacy laws, destroying the reputation of a natural health practitioner—specifically, the sharing of complete patient records without consent.

In the 1980s—and again in 2012—the Texas Medical Board (TMB) charged this caring and pioneering doctor with breaking a law that didn’t exist, and tried to revoke his medical license. By the USA Today’s own admission, he was cleared each time, and numerous investigations later—including an appearance before the Texas Supreme Court—found there was no violation of any law or standard of care.

“With our treatments, we can save 20,000 American lives annually,” Dr. Burzynski told ANH-USA. “But the FDA is covering this up with insignificant details….The FDA wants to bury this information from the public.” This is evident in the FDA’s recently released warning letter to Dr. Burzynski, and the agency’s apparent cooperation with USA Today.

Part of the FDA’s job is to issue warning letters to drug, food, and dietary supplement manufacturers, as well as drug trial sponsors, in order to notify them of possible FDA violations and encourage voluntary compliance. Warning letters to drug study sponsors, called “483s,” are the most common: they account for about 60% of all warning letters. In 2012, the FDA issued 787 483s.

Although common warning letters aren’t particularly newsworthy, they can be effectively wielded as a political tool: warning letters have been used to censor consumer Internet speech and deny consumer access to at-home DNA testing. But there’s a new, even more alarming trend in warning letters: these interim letters, which have no legal significance, are being cited as evidence by state medical boards of practitioner misconduct.

Essentially, warning letters—which are intended to give practitioners, researchers, and manufacturers a voluntary avenue to address agency concerns without legal repercussions—are being used in a coordinated effort by the FDA and state medical boards to damage the reputations of and pursue legal action against integrative practitioners. We’ve seen this type of FDA/state medical board “cooperation” before—but according to healthcare lawyer Rick Jaffe, a recent 483 sent to Dr. Burzynski and the USA Today’s unusual interest in it, is an update and expansion of this highly questionable tactic.

The USA Today’s article—the third in a series attacking Dr. Burzynski—details the warning letter and the FDA inspection that lead to it, as if such an investigation and letter were novel and unique. In actuality, it’s completely routine; Dr. Burzynski is currently following normal procedure and has recently submitted his response, which among other things details the incorrect statements made in the warning letter.

The article is a win/win/win for the media, the FDA, and the Texas State Medical Board: USA Today gets to tout how it was “right” about Dr. Burzynski (the first paragraph of the story boasts that Dr. Burzynski was “the subject of a USA Today investigation”); the FDA—which has failed to successfully shut down Dr. Burzynski lifesaving clinic—gets to take a pot-shot at Dr. Burzynski outside of the court; and the TMB garners public support for its vendetta against the Burzynski clinic. Who loses? Dr. Burzynski’s patients. Read our article on how several cancer sufferers have been denied his potentially life-saving treatment.

The USA Today article sparked a media firestorm. In the process, however, they inadvertently revealed evidence of FDA misconduct and collusion between the FDA and USA Today:

A high-level Burzynski Clinic staff member told ANH-USA that one concerned patient called the FDA to learn more about Dr. Burzynski’s innovative treatments, and the FDA sent the patient a link to the USA Today article.

The FDA violated Burzynski patients’ privacy. “A lot of our patients were obviously very irked about the article, and called the USA Today team,” a Burzynski staff member told us. “The parents of one young patient called a USA Today reporter, who then sent the parents their own child’s confidential medical records—which the reporter had received from the FDA. The family frantically called us [the clinic], ‘I just got an email from USA Today, they sent me our son’s full medical records!’” The reporter had sent not only the son’s medical records, but those of other patients as well.

The FDA is not supposed to release medical records to the public. The agency has always had inappropriate relationships with state medical boards and the media, but now they’ve crossed the line to outright violation of patient rights. ANH-USA is currently assessing the legal ramifications of the FDA’s actions. In the meantime, it’s time to call for a full congressional investigation into the FDA’s actions, including its inappropriate information-sharing with media contacts and state medical boards.

Action Alert! Contact your senators and representative immediately and call for a full congressional investigation into the FDA’s violation of patient rights. Send your message today!

Exclusive: Inside USA Today’s Smear Campaign Against Dr. Burzynski

First they malign the cancer pioneer, then they refuse him the ability to rebut the allegations. Action Alert!



In recent months, USA Today has released a spate of anti-natural health articles:

An adulatory (some might say “drooling”) review of Do You Believe in Magic?, Dr. Paul Offit’s flawed and deeply biased book demonizing dietary supplements and attacking high visibility CAM advocates like Drs. Oz and Mercola;

An inflammatory “investigative report” equating dietary supplement manufacturers with criminals;

And a series of shamelessly slanted articles smearing cancer pioneer Dr. Stanislaw Burzynski.

What is behind the mainstream media’s outright hostility to supplements and natural medicine? We can’t be sure. But we do know that the mainstream media as a whole would likely be bankrupt today without drug company advertising.

Of these three USA Today articles, the personal attack on Dr. Burzynski, who has helped so many people survive incurable cancers, seemed to us particularly offensive.

In an exclusive interview with the doctor and renowned healthcare lawyer Rick Jaffe, ANH-USA learned how USA Today’s “reporting” manipulated its readers, further obscured the truth by denying Dr. Burzynski his right to respond, and accidentally revealed the FDA’s illegal dissemination of confidential medical records to the USA Today reporter.

We’ve told you before about cancer pioneer Stanislaw Burzynski, MD, PhD, a Texas-based physician and biochemist. Dr. Burzynski developed (with his own money) a nontoxic gene-targeted cancer therapy called antineoplastons, which has been shown to control or cure some of the most “incurable” forms of brain cancer. At his clinic in Texas, Dr. Burzynski and his team of skilled doctors provided individualized multi-agent gene-targeted therapies to patients, most of whom have failed mainstream, “one-size-fits-all” cancer treatments.

Given the USA Today reporter’s previously over-the-top review of Paul Offit’s book (which contained a long and highly biased chapter on Dr. Burzynski), the doctor was not surprised to find that two new articles, “Doctor Accused of Selling False Hope to Families” and “Experts Dismiss Doctor’s Cancer Claims,” both published on November 18, were distorted and deeply unfair. According to Rick Jaffe,

Both these articles were riddled with inaccuracies and promoted outrageous far-fetched speculations. For example, they stated that all terminally ill patients cured by the Burzynski clinic were either previously cured by non-curative treatments, or perhaps that the patients never had cancer. Dr. Burzynski does not diagnose cancer; he only treats people with confirmed cancer, and most of his patients have already failed one or more forms of conventional therapy.

Jaffe also gave the reporter and the quoted “experts” a left-handed compliment by conceding, “These folks had to get very creative to dismiss the fact that so many terminally ill brain cancer patients are still alive. But that’s the nature of bias: facts don’t matter—nor do live patients who are supposed to be dead. Instead, just focus on some unfortunate terminal patients who succumbed to their disease while being treated at the Burzynski clinic.” And that’s exactly what the USA Today story did.

Independently, ANH-USA has evaluated these articles, and agrees with Mr. Jaffe’s assessment. To give just a few examples, the “Doctor Accused” article:

Cites the lack of published random-controlled trials (RCTs) as evidence of antineoplastons’ uselessness, while omitting the fact that the efficacy of the treatment has recently been confirmed by a randomized, clinical trial by Japanese researchers. And of course ANH-USA has repeatedly had to point out that RCT’s are enormously expensive. Nobody but drug companies can afford them, and they will usually only undertake them if the treatment is under patent and therefore a government enforced monopoly. In addition, there is growing evidence that RCTs, particularly in the context of individualized treatments, should no longer be considered the “gold standard” for drug efficacy.

Claims there is no evidence that Dr. Burzynski has cured “a single patient”, despite the fact that none of the article’s quoted experts who have reviewed even one case among the several hundreds of clinical trial patients with documented responses to the treatment or the seventy-seven patients in the brain tumor trials who are long-term survivors.

Touts the number of cancer drugs approved by the FDA (108) since Burzynski began his trials, discrediting Dr. Burzynski’s statement that proper approval of treatments takes time. Again, Dr. Burzynski does not have the backing of a big drug company. Moreover, the speed at which drugs are approved is no indication of quality: a recent study found that in the past thirty years, 90% of all new drugs approved by the FDA were barely more effective than existing drugs, if at all. Many of these new cancer drugs show only a very small survival benefit, while antineoplastons have dozens and dozens of long-term survivors from some of the most virulent forms of brain cancer. In reality, then, the article is more an indictment of the FDA cancer drug approval process than of Dr. Burzynski!

A portion of ANH-USA’s research focus has been on how dangerous drugs are approved and prescribed for the benefit of Big Pharma, the government, and the pocketbooks of some individual doctors. However, the average consumer reading a USA Today article wouldn’t have any knowledge of this highly specific topic, because USA Today, byconcealing the truth from the average consumer, generates media buzz.

Disappointed and alarmed by the USA Today’s slander, Dr. Burzynski and Mr. Jaffe asked the paper to rescind or amend their article. They refused. Seeking a constructive, balanced dialogue, Dr. Burzynski respectfully asked for an opportunity to rebut USA Today via a short op-ed or opinion piece. USA Today agreed; Dr. Burzynski submitted an approximately 450-word rebuttal that cited hard data about Dr. Burzynski’s treatments—such as the fact that of 401 brain tumor patients with a life expectancy of less than one year, seventy-seven of them survived over five years.

According to Dr. Burzynski and Mr. Jaffe, USA Today claimed that, due to the letter’s length, they were unable to print it in its entirety, and sent back an edited version that was stripped of any specific facts and statistics. To accommodate USA Today, Dr. Burzynski submitted a much shorter letter that still included hard facts. Again, the USA Today refused to publish, this time claiming that they “fact-checked” all of their letters to the editor, and “couldn’t verify” Dr. Burzynski’s statistics—“which is ironic,” Mr. Jaffe told ANH-USA, “because they certainly didn’t fact-check their articles on Dr. Burzynski.”

Action Alert! Ask USA Today to publish Dr. Burzynski’s op-ed rebuttal or at least a letter to the editor! Please write to USA Today immediately and ask them to allow the target of their smear campaign to rebut their article with the hard facts about his treatment. Please take action immediately!

See Also:

Purchase both DVDs

Free Shipping Available! Click Here.

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32679,"Bee covered with pollen on flower, by Andreas

Years ago, Gaia Health informed that bee dieoffs are a direct result of pesticide nerve agents called neonicotinoids. The term, Colony Collapse Disorder, is fraudulent, designed to direct attention from the known cause. Agribusiness, the poison manufacturers making death-producing pesticides, is the other face of Big Pharma.

by Heidi Stevenson

Gaia-Health.com

The massive bee die-off is not a great mystery. Colony Collapse Disorder is poisoning with a class of pesticides called neonicotinoids. Clothianidin, a neonicotinoid pesticide manufactured by Bayer, has been clearly linked to die offs in Germany and France.

Although the bee die-offs that have occurred recently are more severe, there have been many in the past from the same and similar products. In North Dakota, a lawsuit was filed against Bayer for the loss of their bees in 1995, the result of spraying rapeseed with imidacloprid. In 1999, the same product was banned in France for use as a seed dressing for sunflowers when they lost one-third of their hives after widespread spraying. In 2004, it was banned for use on corn. Recently, France refused to approve Bayer’s request to sell clothianidin.

Clothianidin and imidacloprid are both members of a class of pesticides called neonicotinoids. They are well known as insect neurotoxins, especially with regard to bees. The spokesperson for the Coalition Against Bayer Dangers, based in Germany, stated:

We have been pointing out the risks of neonicotinoids for almost 10 years now. This proves without a doubt that the chemicals can come into contact with bees and kill them. These pesticides shouldn’t be on the market.

Not a Surprise

That neonicotinoids are potent neurotoxins, especially in insects, is unsurprising. They were developed for precisely that purpose. Bayer says that their use is safe for bees, when used according to instructions. This involves using a glue that keeps the pesticides stuck to the seeds on which they’re used.

There are many problems with this. Agribusiness corporations are known to evade anything that costs them money. The glue costs money. The equipment and personnel required to apply it costs money. More careful pesticide application to try to keep it from becoming airborne costs money. Obviously, both unscrupulous Agribusiness farmers and unknowing small farmers—not to mention home gardeners—will, at least occasionally, not use the glue.

Even then, it’s impossible to believe that a fair amount of these pesticides won’t become airborne. Further, their residue will poison the soil. It will be passed on into foods, which means that insects will come into contact with it there.

Pharmaceutical Connection

Isn’t it interesting that a major pharmaceutical manufacturer, Bayer, also makes a product that is a poison by design? Bayer is not an exception. Many, if not most, do business in both arenas. That alone should give pause for thought.

Here’s a list of corporations — not expected to be complete — that profit in both pharmaceuticals and pesticides:

American Home Products

AMVAC

Astra Zeneca

Aventis

BASF

Bayer

Dow Chemical

Dupont Chemical

Merck

Monsanto

Novartis

Pharmacia

Is it an accident that most of Big Pharma also manufactures pesticides? Is there a connection between the two types of products? Do the pharmaceutical arms of these corporations profit on the illness caused by the pesticide arms? You can decide.

Mythical Disease

Disease mongering is a well-worn technique used by Big Pharma to create new diseases—define, name, and make household terms—for the purpose of selling chemicals called drugs. The same technique has been used to cloak massive bee die-offs with an air of mystery.

Colony Collapse Disorder is a false name that serves to mislead the public into believing that there’s a new, mystery disorder, probably something very complex, that needs tons of money to be thrown at it so that every possible angle can be studied. The reason is simple. By misdirecting the public, and apparently many professionals too, the real reason for bee die-offs is obscured.

This is very much like the misleading pseudo science that supposedly debunks global climate change by giving a false impression that there is no consensus among scientists. By stirring pesticides into a mix of other supposedly possible causes, such as bacterial infections, fungal infections, and environmental stress—all assuredly concerns with bees, but none of them new—a false controversy is created. That results in precious time being wasted, while we really do move into a world without bees. At the same time, money is being thrown at scientists, who should know better, but being just as human as the rest of us, they’re tempted.

Eventually, the real cause starts to become obvious, as is happening now in bee die-offs. However, the guilty party, the one making obscene profits by selling neurotoxic poisons that destroy the earth, launches a campaign of disingenuous lies, misdirection, and lawsuits to continue to sell their contaminants as long as possible.

Meanwhile, we’re being told that we must prepare to live in a world without bees, as if it’s inevitable. All because of Colony Collapse Disorder, a cleverly marketed nonexistent disease. We live in fear of the implications of no bees, when the real threat is poisons manufactured for the sole benefit of obscene profits.

How to Avoid These Neurotoxins

Neonicotinoids are used in Agribusiness and home gardens. To help the reader avoid these products, here are some of their generic names, along with as many brand names as could be found.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32573,"[1]

By Dr. Mercola [1]

In the middle of July, NBC News reported that:

“The U.S. is on course for a record year for whooping cough, health officials said this week. And while vaccinating kids is clearly the most important defense, health experts say adults may not realize they’re supposed to be getting regular shots, too.”

The article goes on to hype what are actually predictable pertussis (whooping cough) increases and promote the ineffective pertussis vaccine—basically giving the media their marching orders for this fall’s propaganda campaign, which centers on blaming increases in pertussis on parents who file non-medical exemptions for their kids, which is pure nonsense.

Surprise! Whooping Cough Spreads Mainly through Vaccinated Populations

In 2010, the largest outbreak of whooping cough in over 50 years occurred in California. Around that same time, a scare campaign was launched in the California by Pharma-funded medical trade associations, state health officials and national media, targeting people opting out of receiving pertussis vaccine, falsely accusing them of causing the outbreak.

However, research published in March of this year paints a very different picture than the one spread by the media.

In fact, the study showed that 81 percent of 2010 California whooping cough cases in people under the age of 18 occurred in those who were fully up to date on the whooping cough vaccine. Eleven percent had received at least one shot, but not the entire recommended series, and only eight percent of those stricken were unvaccinated.

According to the authors:

“This first detailed analysis of a recent North American pertussis outbreak found widespread disease among fully vaccinated older children. Starting approximately three years after prior vaccine dose, attack rates markedly increased, suggesting inadequate protection or durability from the acellular vaccine.” [Emphasis mine]

The pertussis (whooping cough) vaccine is included as a component in “combination” shots that include tetanus and diphtheria (DPT, DTaP, Tdap) and may also include polio, hepatitis B, and/or Haemophilus Influenza B (Hib). CDC data shows 84 percent of children under the age of three have received at least FOUR DTaP shots—which is the acellular pertussis vaccine that was approved in the United States in 1996—yet, despite this high vaccination rate, whooping cough still keeps circulating among both the vaccinated and unvaccinated.

So, as clearly evidenced in this study, the vaccine likely provides very little, if any, protection from the disease. In fact, the research suggests those who are fully vaccinated may in fact be more likely to get the disease than unvaccinated populations.

Why Do Pertussis Vaccines Fail Despite Claimed Efficacy?

Interestingly in a recent article published in the journal Pediatrics, author James D. Cherry, MD, reveals that estimates for pertussis vaccine efficacy have been significantly inflated due to the case definitions adopted by the World Health Organization (WHO) in 1991, which required laboratory confirmation and 21 days or more of paroxysmal cough. All less severe cases were excluded. He states:

“I was a member of the WHO committee and disagreed with the primary case definition because it was clear at that time that this definition would eliminate a substantial number of cases and therefore inflate reported efficacy values. Nevertheless, the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research of the Food and Drug Administration accepted this definition, and package inserts of the US-licensed DTaP vaccines reflect this

….For example, Infanrix… and Daptacel… have stated efficacies of 84% and 85% respectively. When less severe cough illness is included, however, the efficacies of these 2 vaccines decrease to 71% and 78% respectively. In addition, even these latter efficacies are likely inflated owing to investigator or parental compliance with the study protocol (observer bias).”

Dr. Cherry lists eight potential reasons for why the efficacy of pertussis vaccines are overestimated:

Overexpectation of efficacy because of case definition.Inflated estimates of efficacy because of observer bias.Other Bordetella sp are the cause of similar cough illnesses.Lack of initial potency.Decay in antibody over time.Incomplete antigen package.Incorrect balance of antigens in the vaccine.Genetic changes in B pertussis

Whooping Cough is Cyclical Disease

B. pertussis whooping cough is a cyclical disease with natural increases that tend to occur every 4-5 years, no matter how high the vaccination rate is in a population using DPT/DTaP or Tdap vaccines on a widespread basis. Whole cell DPT vaccines used in the U.S. from the 1950’s until the late 1990’s were estimated to be 63 to 94 percent effective and studies showed that vaccine-acquired immunity fell to about 40 percent after seven years.

In the study cited above, the researchers noted the vaccine’s effectiveness was only 41 percent among 2- to 7-year-olds and a dismal 24 percent among those aged 8-12.

With this shockingly low rate of DTaP vaccine effectiveness, the questionable solution public health officials have come up with is to declare that everybody has to get three primary shots and three follow-up booster shots in order to get long-lasting protection —and that’s provided the vaccine gives you any protection at all!

Why “Cocooning” Vaccines Does Not Work

Additionally, in a futile effort to address the outbreak, the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) started directing physicians, particularly pediatricians, to offer Tdap vaccine to parents and close family members of babies under age 2 months, who are too young to receive a pertussis-containing vaccine themselves. In a recent study on this topic the researchers concluded:

“… the parental cocoon program is inefficient and resource intensive for the prevention of serious outcomes in early infancy.”

“Cocooning [2],” is a controversial practice and is being promoted by the AAP and government health officials as a way of protecting babies from whooping cough and other infectious diseases like influenza by vaccinating their parents and other adult caregivers. However, there is little evidence to show that this works. In fact, research from Canada has demonstrated just the opposite. Published last year, this Canadian study investigated how many parents would need to be vaccinated in order to prevent infant hospitalizations and deaths from pertussis using the cocoon strategy, and the results were dismal. They found the number needed to vaccinate (NNV) for parental immunization was at least one million to prevent ONE infant death; approximately 100,000 for ICU admission; and >10,000 for hospitalization.

Also Confirmed: U.S. Varicella Vaccination Program is a Total Flop

In related vaccine news, a recent review of the US varicella (chickenpox) vaccination program published in May in the journal Vaccine concluded the vaccine has:

Not proven to be cost-effective

Increased the incidence of shingles

Failed to provide long-term protection from the disease it targets―chicken pox―and

Is less effective than the natural immunity that existed in the general population before the vaccine

Here, vaccine efficacy is again questioned as the efficacy of the varicella vaccine was found to have declined well below 80 percent by of 2002. The information was gathered from a review of chicken pox and shingles statistics in the years since the vaccine was introduced. The researchers point out that although statistics showed shingles rates increased after the vaccine, “CDC authorities still claimed” that no increase had occurred.

The authors also state that the CDC not only ignored the natural boost in immunity to the community that occurred with wild chickenpox, as opposed to the vaccine, but also ignored the “rare serious events following varicella vaccination” as well as the increasing rates of shingles among adults:

“In the prelicensure era, 95% of adults experienced natural chickenpox (usually as children)—these cases were usually benign and resulted in long-term immunity. Varicella vaccination is less effective than the natural immunity that existed in prevaccine communities. Universal varicella vaccination has not proven to be cost-effective as increased herpes zoster [shingles] morbidity has disproportionately offset cost savings associated with reductions in varicella disease. Universal varicella vaccination has failed to provide long-term protection from VZV disease.” [Emphasis mine]

Ridiculous Claims about Herd Immunity Achieved by HPV Vaccine

According to a report in the journal Pediatrics, which has been praised in major media like Discover Magazine, the quadravalent vaccine for HPV, Gardasil, appears to be protecting young people that haven’t even been vaccinated with it. Not only that, Gardasil has accomplished this amazing feat in just four years―long before most vaccines begin to show any sign of what’s known as “herd immunity.”

The study looked at rates of HPV infection in a small group of teens and young women at two primary care clinics, and found that infections from the cancer-causing HPV strain had declined. Apparently, they also observed that infections in women, who had not been vaccinated, had also declined. The team concluded the overall decline in both the vaccinated and unvaccinated must have been due to the vaccine! As per Discover Magazine, if the news pans out to be true in further research, it will be “pretty exciting.” Indeed, if this is true it would be an outright miracle, considering the fact that this theory is beyond ludicrous.

Consider that claim in light of these facts:

In the study, 59 percent of participants at two primary care clinics received the HPV vaccine

According to 2008 survey statistics, an estimated 25 percent of American adolescents 13 to 17 years old had received at least one dose of the HPV vaccine, and a mere 11 percent had received all 3 doses. By 2010 the vaccine uptake estimates had nearly doubled, with 48 percent of girls between the ages of 13 and 17 having received at least one dose of the HPV vaccine

It is typically taught that the vaccine acquired herd immunity threshold is anywhere between 80-95 percent of the population, depending on the disease. So, HOW could the HPV vaccine confer herd immunity when, on a nationwide basis, less than half of teens and young women have received the vaccine (and the vast majority of those have only received one-third of the recommended number of doses)?

Whenever an outbreak of disease occurs, government health officials are always quick to point the finger at those who are unvaccinated, stating that it’s because of them that vaccine induced herd immunity was not achieved, thereby allowing the disease to flourish (although they rarely if ever offer an explanation for why so many vaccinated people get sick when they should theoretically be immune). For most diseases, vaccine-induced herd immunity cannot be achieved unless 80-95 percent of the population is vaccinated against the disease in question. So truly, for the HPV vaccine to suddenly confer herd immunity at less than 50 percent coverage would be nothing short of a miracle.

This “study” is nothing but marketing masquerading as science.

Discover magazine also didn’t mention the fact that at least five individuals on the seven-member team making these over-the-top claims are paid speakers and consultants for Merck, or have received research funds from Merck to develop this vaccine―meaning this wasn’t exactly an independent, outside group with no conflicting interests in the outcome. Please also note that the president of the Merck Vaccine Division, Julie Gerberding, is the former head of the CDC.

Discover also didn’t mention that the rates of the rates of sexual activity—the primary way HPV is spread—had also declined during the years of the study period, which could indicate that the reason HPV infection rates went down was not “herd” immunity acquired from the vaccine, but rather that fewer young people were having sex.

What You Need to Know about “Herd Immunity”

The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases describes vaccine-induced herd immunity, also labeled “community immunity” by public health doctors as follows:

“When a critical portion of a community is immunized against a contagious disease, most members of the community are protected against that disease because there is little opportunity for an outbreak. Even those who are not eligible for certain vaccines—such as infants, pregnant women, or immunocompromised individuals—get some protection because the spread of contagious disease is contained. This is known as “community immunity.”

The problem is that there is in fact such a thing as natural herd immunity. But what they’ve done is they’ve taken this natural phenomenon and assumed that vaccines will work the same way. However, vaccines do not confer the same kind of immunity as experiencing the natural disease, and the science clearly shows that there’s a big difference between naturally acquired herd immunity and vaccine-induced herd immunity. To learn more, I urge you to listen to the following video, in which Barbara Loe Fisher, co-founder and president of the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC), discusses the concept of herd immunity.

Download Interview Transcript [3]

Barbara explains:

“The original concept of herd immunity is that when a population experiences the natural disease… natural immunity would be achieved – a robust, qualitatively superior natural herd immunity within the population, which would then protect other people from getting the disease in other age groups. It’s the way infectious diseases work…

The vaccinologists have adopted this idea of vaccine induced herd immunity. The problem with it is that all vaccines only confer temporary protection… Pertussis vaccine is one the best examples… Pertussis vaccines have been used for about 50 to 60 years, and the organism has started to evolve to become vaccine resistant. I think this is not something that’s really understood generally by the public: Vaccines do not confer the same type of immunity that natural exposure to the disease does.”

Vaccine professionals would like you to believe they are the same, but they’re qualitatively two entirely different types of immune responses.

“In most cases natural exposure to disease would give you a longer lasting, more robust, qualitatively superior immunity because it gives you both cell mediated immunity and humoral immunity,” Barbara explains. “Humoral is the antibody production. The way you measure vaccine-induced immunity is by how high the antibody titers are. (How many antibodies you have, basically.)

But the problem is, the cell mediated immunity is very important as well. Most vaccines evade cell mediated immunity and go straight for the antibodies, which is only one part of immunity. That’s been the big problem with the production of vaccines.”

Vaccines are designed to trick your body’s immune system into producing protective antibodies needed to resist any future infection. However, your body is smarter than that. The artificial stimulation of your immune system produced by lab altered bacteria and viruses simply does not replicate the exact response that your immune system mounts when naturally encountering the infectious microorganism.

According to Barbara:

“The fact that manmade vaccines cannot replicate the body’s natural experience with the disease is one of the key points of contention between those who insist that mankind cannot live without mass use of multiple vaccines and those who believe that mankind’s biological integrity will be severely compromised by their continued use.

… [I]s it better to protect children against infectious disease early in life through temporary immunity from a vaccine, or are they better off contracting certain contagious infections in childhood and attaining permanent immunity? Do vaccine complications ultimately cause more chronic illness and death than infectious diseases do? These questions essentially pit trust in human intervention against trust in nature and the natural order, which existed long before vaccines were created by man.”

Vaccines Causing Dangerous Mutations

The fact that many vaccines are ineffective is becoming increasingly apparent. Merck has recently been slapped with two separate class action lawsuits contending they lied about the effectiveness of the mumps vaccine [4] in their combination MMR shot, and fabricated efficacy studies to maintain the illusion for the past two decades that the vaccine is highly protective.

In Australia, dangerous new strains of whooping cough bacteria were reported in March 2012. The vaccine, researchers said, was responsible. The reason for this is because, while whooping cough is primarily attributed to Bordetella pertussis infection, it is also caused by another closely related pathogen called B. parapertussis, which the vaccine does NOT protect against. Two years earlier, scientists at Penn State had already reported that the pertussis vaccine significantly enhanced the colonization of B. parapertussis, thereby promoting vaccine-resistant whooping cough outbreaks.

According to the authors:

“… [V]accination led to a 40-fold enhancement of B. parapertussis colonization in the lungs of mice. Though the mechanism behind this increased colonization was not specifically elucidated, it is speculated to involve specific immune responses skewed or dampened by the acellular vaccine, including cytokine and antibody production during infection. Despite this vaccine being hugely effective against B. pertussis, which was once the primary childhood killer, these data suggest that the vaccine may be contributing to the observed rise in whooping cough incidence over the last decade by promoting B. parapertussis infection.” [Emphasis mine]

Despite this, a spokeswoman for the Australian Department of Health and Ageing stated that “suboptimal vaccine coverage” was among the possible reasons for why whooping cough had increased sevenfold in Australia since 2007… But if the vaccine doesn’t work, and in fact promotes vaccine-resistant disease outbreaks, then why would increasing vaccine rates make a positive difference? This rationale is completely nonsensical as it stands to reason that increasing vaccine coverage would then actually lead toincreasingly higher incidences of the disease…

In 2007, US health officials admitted that the pneumococcal vaccine had created superbugs that caused severe ear infections in children. Similarly bad news emerged about the hepatitis vaccine that same year, when immunologists discovered mutated vaccine-resistant viruses were causing disease. And in developing countries, even to this day, health officials are concerned that polio viruses in the vaccine may not only be mutating, but may be causing the very disease they are supposed to prevent.

Live Virus Vaccines Combine to Create Completely NEW Virus

A number of studies have been released in the past few months indicating that vaccine viruses can lead to dangerous mutations. For example, a veterinary vaccine study at the University of Melbourne (Australia) found that using two different vaccine viruses to combat the same disease in an animal population quite rapidly caused the viruses to combine (referred to as recombination), creating brand new and more virulent viruses.

According to Science Daily:

“The vaccines were used to control infectious laryngotracheitis (ILT), an acute respiratory disease occurring in chickens worldwide… The research found that when two different ILT vaccine strains were used in the same populations, they combined into two new strains… resulting in disease outbreaks.”

Previously, scientists believed this occurrence would be highly unlikely, but this research reveals a different truth. The implications of this finding could extend to other live attenuated vaccines, including those for humans.

According to the authors:

“Recombination between herpesviruses has been seen in vitro and in vivo under experimental conditions. This has raised safety concerns about using attenuated herpesvirus vaccines in human and veterinary medicine and adds to other known concerns associated with their use, including reversion to virulence and disease arising from recurrent reactivation of lifelong chronic infection.

… We show that independent recombination events between distinct attenuated vaccine strains resulted in virulent recombinant viruses that became the dominant strains responsible for widespread disease… These findings highlight the risks of using multiple different attenuated herpesvirus vaccines, or vectors, in the same populations.”

As reported by Science Daily:

“Comparisons of the vaccine strains and the new recombinant strains have shown that both the recombinant strains cause more severe disease, or replicate to a higher level than the parent vaccine strains that gave rise to them,” Dr Lee said. Professor Glenn Browning said recombination was a natural process that can occur when two viruses infect the same cell at the same time. “While recombination has been recognized as a potential risk associated with live virus vaccines for many years, the likelihood of it happening in viruses like this in the field has been thought to be so low that it was considered to be very unlikely to lead to significant problems,” he said.

“Our studies have shown that the risk of recombination between different vaccine strains in the field is significant as two different recombinant viruses arose within a year. We also demonstrated that the consequences of such recombination can be very severe, as the new viruses have been responsible for the deaths of thousands of Australian poultry.”[Emphasis mine]

Get Informed Before You Vaccinate

Stories such as these underscore the importance to take control of your own health, and that of your children. It’s simply not wise to blindly depend on the information coming from the vaccine makers’ PR departments, or from federal health officials and agencies that are mired in conflicts of interest with industry…

No matter what vaccination choices you make for yourself or your family, there is a basic human right to be fully informed about all risks of medical interventions and pharmaceutical products, like vaccines, and have the freedom to refuse if you conclude the benefits do not outweigh the risks for you or your child. Unfortunately, the business partnership between government health agencies and vaccine manufacturers is too close and is getting out of hand. There is a lot of discrimination against Americans, who want to be free to exercise their human right to informed consent when it comes to making voluntary decisions about which vaccines they and their children use.

We cannot allow that to continue.

It’s vitally important to know and exercise your legal rights and to understand your options when it comes to using vaccines and prescription drugs. For example, your doctor is legally obligated to provide you with the CDC Vaccine Information Statement (VIS) sheet and discuss the potential symptoms of side effects of the vaccination(s) you or your child receive BEFORE vaccination takes place. If someone giving a vaccine does not do this, it is a violation of federal law. Furthermore, the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 also requires doctors and other vaccine providers to:

Keep a permanent record of all vaccines given and the manufacturer’s name and lot number

Write down serious health problems, hospitalizations, injuries and deaths that occur after vaccination in the patient’s permanent medical record

File an official report of all serious health problems, hospitalizations, injuries and deaths following vaccination to the federal Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System (VAERS)

If a vaccine provider fails to inform, record or report, it is a violation of federal law. It’s important to get all the facts before making your decision about vaccination; and to understand that you have the legal right to opt out of using a vaccine that you do not want you or your child to receive. At present, all 50 states allow a medical exemption to vaccination (medical exemptions must be approved by an M.D. or D.O.); 48 states allow a religious exemption to vaccination; and 18 states allow a personal, philosophical or conscientious belief exemption to vaccination.

However, vaccine exemptions are under attack in a number of states, and it’s in everyone’s best interest to protect the right to make informed, voluntary vaccination decisions.

What You Can Do to Make a Difference

While it seems “old-fashioned,” the only truly effective actions you can take to protect the right to informed consent to vaccination and expand your rights under the law to make voluntary vaccine choices, is to get personally involved with your state legislators and the leaders in your community.

THINK GLOBALLY, ACT LOCALLY.

Mass vaccination policies are made at the federal level but vaccine laws are made at the state level, and it is at the state level where your action to protect your vaccine choice rights will have the greatest impact.

Signing up to be a user of NVIC’s free online Advocacy Portal at www.NVICAdvocacy.org [5] gives you access to practical, useful information to help you become an effective vaccine choice advocate in your own community. You will get real-time Action Alerts about what you can do if there are threats to vaccine exemptions in your state. With the click of a mouse or one touch on a Smartphone screen you will be put in touch with YOUR elected representatives so you can let them know how you feel and what you want them to do. Plus, when national vaccine issues come up, you will have all the information you need to make sure your voice is heard. So please, as your first step, sign up for the NVIC Advocacy Portal [6].

Right now, in California, the personal belief exemption is under attack by Pharma-funded medical trade organizations and public health officials trying to get a bill (AB 2109) passed that would require parents to get a medical doctor’s signature to file an exemption for personal beliefs, including religious and conscientious beliefs. The bill has passed both the House and Senate health committees and there will be a public hearing in the Senate Appropriations Committee on Aug. 6 to discuss the financial impact on the state of California if the bill becomes law. Get all the details on NVIC’s Advocacy Portal. Watch NVIC’s 90-second public service message and learn more about what you can do if you are a California resident.

Internet Resources

To learn more about vaccines, I encourage you to visit the following web pages on the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) website at www.NVIC.org [7]:

NVIC Memorial for Vaccine Victims [8] : View descriptions and photos of children and adults, who have suffered vaccine reactions, injuries and deaths. If you or your child experiences an adverse vaccine event, please consider posting and sharing your story here.

View descriptions and photos of children and adults, who have suffered vaccine reactions, injuries and deaths. If you or your child experiences an adverse vaccine event, please consider posting and sharing your story here. If You Vaccinate, Ask 8 Questions [9] : Learn how to recognize vaccine reaction symptoms and prevent vaccine injuries.

: Learn how to recognize vaccine reaction symptoms and prevent vaccine injuries. Vaccine Freedom Wall [10] : View or post descriptions of harassment by doctors or state officials for making independent vaccine choices.

: View or post descriptions of harassment by doctors or state officials for making independent vaccine choices. Vaccine Ingredient Calculator [11] (VIC) : Find out just how much aluminum, mercury and other ingredients are in the vaccines your doctor is recommending for you or your child.

: Find out just how much aluminum, mercury and other ingredients are in the vaccines your doctor is recommending for you or your child. Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting System [12] (VAERS) on MedAlerts. Search the government’s VAERS database to find out what kinds of vaccine reactions, injuries and deaths have been reported by patients and heath care workers giving vaccines.

Read full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/07/30/whooping-cough-vaccine.aspx [1]





Vaccine Epidemic

How Corporate Greed, Biased Science, and Coercive Government Threaten Our Human Rights, Our Health, and Our Children

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

[13]

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info [13]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32865,"by Shannon Stonger

Health Impact News

Besides the health benefits, one of the many wonders of using lactic acid fermentation as a means of preserving food is its versatility. While this recipe has that perfect dill and garlic cucumber pickle flavor, the recipe can be applied to any similar organic vegetable coming from the garden or market such as zucchini, yellow summer squash, Swiss chard stems, and even organic watermelon rinds.

One of the more important facets of learning the art of vegetable fermentation is to be able to identify when a vegetable has fully fermented. There are a wide range of recommended days for the fermentation process, which can leave the home-fermenter perplexed. Instead of relying on these recommendations which may only apply in certain circumstances or climates, it is often better to look for signs of complete fermentation.

Signs of Completed Fermentation Include

The Brine Turns Cloudy. While this might seem a sign for concern, a cloudy brine is actually an indication that the fermentation process is moving along. Barring other signs of contamination or ingredients that might also cloud the brine, this clouding is usually the result of the lactic acid bacteria in the earliest stages of fermentation. The brine may or may not clear up after some time in cold storage.

A Slowing Down of Carbon Dioxide Production. There are several stages of the fermentation process and it is in the earliest stages that the most carbon dioxide is produced. Seeing carbonation and pressure buildup in a jar is more a sign of continued fermentation than complete fermentation. Waiting until the most bubbly days appear to be behind you will allow all of the fermentative bacteria to do their work.

The Ferment Smells and Tastes Tangy. Generally speaking, a vegetable ferment still in the process of fermenting will only be mildly tangy. Fermentation never completely halts, unless the food is cooked or frozen, so the vegetable will often become more and more tangy as fermentation and storage time continues. But in order to give the fermentation process enough time to achieve the delicious tang, which also preserves the vegetable, it is important to allow the fermentation process to proceed long enough.

Maintaining Crunch

Regardless of flavor and seasoning additions, if a pickle is mushy it is generally unpleasant. Cucumbers and other high-water vegetables are more prone to going soft than the more fibrous root vegetables like carrots. Fermented cucumbers, just like other pickles, can get mushy if the proper precautions aren’t taken. That is why it is also important to understand the three factors in maintaining a pickle’s crunch:

Tannins in the brine. The astringent quality found in tea and other tree leaves is the property needed to keep pickles crunchy. These tannins can be found in black tea leaves, oak leaves, grape leaves, and mesquite leaves. Use a couple of larger leaves or a small gathering of the smaller leaves in a quart of pickles. Just a pinch of organic black tea will have the same benefits. You won’t eat them or even really notice their flavor, but they will aid in keeping the cucumbers crunchy through the fermentation and storage.

Remove the blossom end of the cucumber. It is said that removing just a small slice from this end of the cucumber can aid in preventing the work of a softening enzyme.

Cooler fermentation environment. Fermenting at higher temperatures – 90 or above – quickly breaks the fibers of the vegetable down, resulting in a mushy pickle. Even if all other practices have been followed, a high temperature fermentation can wreak havoc on the structure of a vegetable. Aim for a cooler space such as a basement or cellar where temperatures of 60-85 degrees can be achieved.

Don’t slice your cucumbers too thinly. Small pickling cucumbers can be used as can large ones cut into your favorite shapes – slices, spears, or chunks. However, very thinly sliced cucumbers tend to go to mush during the fermentation process, so slices of at least ¼” should be made.

Lacto-Fermented Dill Pickles

This recipe is very near the cucumber pickles flavored generously with garlic and dill. The addition of red pepper flakes gives the pickles a bit of heat, if desired. The most important aspect of the ingredients, however, is that the vegetables be very fresh and all the ingredients pure so as to not hinder the natural fermentation process.

Note that this recipe makes one quart of fermented pickles so double or triple as needed.

Ingredients

2-3 Tablespoons Himalayan salt

2 larger tannin-containing leaves or a ¼ teaspoon organic black tea

3 garlic cloves, peeled

1 flower head of fresh dill or 1 teaspoon dried dill

½ teaspoon red pepper flakes or pickling spice (optional)

3 – 3.5 cups fresh pickling cucumbers or chopped larger cucumbers

Filtered water as needed

Directions

To a glass quart jar or similar vessel, add the salt, tannin-containing leaves, garlic cloves, dill, and red pepper flakes if using. On top of the salt and seasonings, pack the cucumbers into the jar tightly, leaving at least 1.5 inches of headspace from the rim of the jar. Pour in filtered water just until the cucumbers are covered by approximately ¼ inch of the brine. Place a fermentation weight or thick slice of root vegetable into the jar to weight down the cucumbers, ensuring that they will stay below the level of the brine. Cap the jar tightly and place at cool room temperature (60-80 degrees) to ferment, fastening an airlock if using. The fermentation process will be noticeable within 24 hours as gases are released as a by-product of fermentation. At this point, and for several days afterward, “burp” the jar twice daily by gently opening the jar just enough to release pressure and then swiftly closing it tightly back up. This will allow the trapped carbon dioxide to escape without introducing foreign organisms into the fermentation. Allow the pickles to ferment for 7-10 days at room temperature. Taste for tang and completed fermentation starting at the seven day mark. If you find them to your liking, move them to a refrigerator, cellar, basement, or other cold storage facility. If the temperature you are fermenting at is cooler and the pickles need more time, keep checking them every couple of days for completion.

About the Author

Shannon Stonger grew up in a small town in northern Minnesota. She studied chemistry in college, graduated, and married her husband one month later. They were then blessed with two baby boys within the first four years of marriage. Having babies gave their family a desire to return to the old paths – to nourish their family with traditional, homegrown foods; rid their home of toxic chemicals and petroleum products; and give their boys a chance to know a simple, sustainable way of life. They are currently building a homestead from scratch on two little acres in central Texas. There’s a lot to be done to become somewhat self-sufficient, but they are debt-free and get to spend their days living this simple, good life together with their four young children.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32859,"by John Phillip [1]

(NaturalNews) Stroke is the fourth leading cause of death in America each year with 700,000 people suffering needlessly from this debilitating illness. Stroke attacks with virtually no warning and can leave its victims unable to walk or perform the simplest task. Stroke risk increases with age, number of years consuming a nutrient-deficient diet and inactive lifestyle in a manner similar to heart disease. Research appearing in the journalLancetshows that members of the B-vitamin family, specifically folate (vitamin B9) from leafy green vegetables, provide essential support to protect the vascular system by lowering platelet aggregation and levels of atherogenic homocysteine.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.naturalnews.com/031607_strokes_B_vitamins.html [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42728,"Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

The U.S. Government has guaranteed a thriving U.S. vaccine market for pharmaceutical companies by purchasing billions of dollars worth of vaccines every year with U.S. taxpayer dollars.

As we have previously reported [2], the CDC (U.S. Government Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) is the largest purchaser of vaccines in the U.S., spending over $$4 billion annually to purchase vaccines that are approved by the FDA. Since the CDC is the government agency responsible for overseeing vaccine safety, this creates a huge conflict of interest.

The U.S. Government guarantees a market for vaccines produced by pharmaceutical companies by legally protecting them from lawsuits in civil court. If anyone is injured or killed by a vaccine, one has to sue the U.S. Government, not the vaccine manufacturers, for compensation. (To learn more about the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program see: GAO Report on Vaccine Court Reveals Vaccine Injured Victims Not Being Helped [4].)

Homeland Security Stockpiling Experimental Vaccines

However, this is another U.S. Government agency purchasing billions of dollars’ worth of vaccines. The Department of Homeland Security, created shortly after the terrorist attacks of September 2001, has been authorized by Congress to purchase and stockpile billions of dollars of experimental vaccines that are not approved by the FDA, to use on American citizens during a time of a “national emergency” as defined by the U.S. Government.

The Project Bioshield Act [5] was enacted by Congress in 2004, and signed into law by President George W. Bush. It appropriated $$5.6 billion to the Department of Homeland Security “for the purchase of next generation countermeasures against anthrax and smallpox as well as other CBRN agents.”

The last published Project Bioshield Annual Report was for 2013, and is found here [6]. A Congressional report was prepared in June of 2014, and is found here [7].

Guaranteed Billion Dollar Experimental Vaccine Market by U.S. Government

The Congressional Report [7] prepared by the Congressional Research Service reveals some very troubling facts about Project Bioshield that the general public may not be aware of in regards to taxpayer funded vaccine development and purchases, and the use of such experimental vaccines.

First of all, it guarantees a market for experimental drugs and vaccines where one does not currently exist:

Following the terrorist attacks of 2001, both the Administration and Congress determined that the federal government needed new medical countermeasures (such as diagnostic tests, drugs, vaccines, and other treatments) to respond to an attack using chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear (CBRN) agents. Representatives of the pharmaceutical industry attributed the paucity of CBRN agent countermeasures to the lack of a significant commercial market. They argued that, because these diseases and conditions occur infrequently, the private sector perceived little economic incentive to invest the hundreds of millions of dollars required to bring a new treatment to market. In 2004, Congress passed the Project BioShield Act (P.L. 108-276) to encourage the development of CBRN medical countermeasures. The 108th Congress also appropriated $$5.6 billion to acquire countermeasures through Project BioShield for FY2004 to FY2013.

Using the authority of the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. Government can now create a lucrative vaccine market for unapproved experimental vaccines using taxpayer funds, with no conditions of market demand, no competition to keep prices lower, no safety requirements, and no legal risks for faulty products. They instantaneously created another multi-billion dollar vaccine market to supplement the already existing billion dollar vaccine market for approved vaccines:

Project BioShield contracts can have multiple benefits to potential CBRN medical countermeasure developers. The contracts can reduce market risk by defining the minimum economic value of a product. They can also mitigate development risk and provide some revenue during product development through milestone-based payments. A key factor for companies deciding whether to develop a new product is its potential economic value. The U.S. government may be the most economically significant customer for new CBRN countermeasures. The federal government maintains the Strategic National Stockpile (SNS), a supply of pharmaceuticals, vaccines, medical supplies, and medical equipment to respond to terrorist attacks and other emergencies. Thus, one difficulty facing potential CBRN developers is knowing whether the federal government would buy their product for the SNS and, if so, at what price. Under Project BioShield, HHS may purchase unapproved and unlicensed countermeasures.

(Source: The Project BioShield Act: Issues for the 113th Congress [7])

When Can Unapproved Vaccines and Drugs be Used on American Citizens?

One might think that the only time an unapproved vaccine or drug could be authorized for use would be during a time of national crisis, such as a biological terrorist attack. The fact is, however, that the government has broad powers to use unapproved vaccines and drugs whenever they want to, and have already done so.

In the Project Bioshield Annual report for 2013 [6], the “Emergency Use Authorization” is defined:

Section 564 of the FD&C Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb-3), as enacted under the PBS Act and amended under PAHPRA, enables the Commissioner of FDA to issue an EUA to authorize the use of an unapproved medical product, or to authorize an unapproved use of an approved medical product, when the HHS Secretary determines that an EUA is justified based on one of four declarations or determinations by the Secretaries of Homeland Security, Defense, or HHS. Since 2004, FDA has exercised its EUA authority numerous times to facilitate preparedness for and response to emergencies.

(Emphasis added.)

Experimental Anthrax Vaccine Used on U.S. Military in 2005

According to the Project Bioshield report [6], the first time the FDA used their authority to administer an unapproved vaccine on American citizens was during 2005, when it forced U.S. military personnel to receive an experimental anthrax vaccine. The FDA apparently had to use their authority under Project Bioshield, because there was a civil lawsuit at the time challenging the Department of Defense’s authority to mandate unapproved vaccines to military personnel:

FDA’s first use of its EUA authority was in 2005, when the Agency issued an EUA to enable the use of Anthrax Vaccine Adsorbed (AVA) in military personnel deemed by DoD to be at heightened risk of exposure due to a potential attack with Bacillus anthracis, the causative agent of anthrax. FDA issued this EUA to enable the continued use of AVA under the DoD Anthrax Vaccine Immunization Program (AVIP) while a challenge to FDA’s ruling that AVA is safe, effective, and not misbranded for the prevention of inhalational anthrax was addressed as part of a civil suit over the legality of mandatory vaccinations under the AVIP. This EUA is no longer in effect.

While this particular “Emergency Use Authorization” order is no longer in effect, others regarding stockpiling of experimental and unapproved anthrax medications are still in effect:

FDA has also issued two EUAs to facilitate pre-event planning, stockpiling, and, if necessary, rapid response efforts in support of preparedness for an anthrax attack. Both EUAs remain in effect and authorize certain unapproved uses of the antimicrobial drug doxycycline for post-exposure prophylaxis of inhalational anthrax in the event of a public health emergency involving Bacillus anthracis. The first of these EUAs, issued in 2011, is focused on facilitating stakeholder mass dispensing activities by authorizing the use of all approved oral formulations of doxycycline products (where not contraindicated) for the post-exposure prophylaxis of inhalational anthrax. The EUA authorizes certain aspects of emergency stockpiling, distribution, dispensing, and use of oral formulations of doxycycline products that otherwise might violate provisions of the FD&C Act. For example, in the event of an anthrax emergency, this EUA allows public health authorities to mass dispense doxycycline at points of dispensing with emergency use information (e.g., streamlined fact sheets for recipients about how to use the product) that is not part of the product’s approved labeling, without individual prescriptions, and by responders and volunteers who are not licensed health care professionals. (Source [6].)

(Emphasis added. Might these “responders” who are “not licensed health care professionals” be military and law enforcement officers administering these unapproved drugs and vaccines by force?)

Flu Drugs that were Unapproved and Authorized by The Project Bioshield Act

While potential acts of bio-terrorism are used as a rationale to authorize the use of unapproved vaccines and drugs on American citizens, the 2013 Bioshield Annual Report [6] states that the authority was used during the 2009 flu season:

FDA used its EUA authority extensively in 2009 – 2010 to facilitate the nation’s response to the 2009 H1N1 influenza pandemic including issuing three EUAs to enable the use of antiviral medications for the treatment and/or prophylaxis of influenza; one EUA to enable the use of certain N95 respirators to help reduce wearer exposure to pathologic biologic airborne particulates; and 18 EUAs to enable the use of in vitro diagnostic tests for the diagnosis of 2009 H1N1 influenza virus infection.

Is the 2015 Measles Hype a Precursor to Expand Vaccine Market Via Government Mandated Vaccines?

As we have shown, the U.S. Government has guaranteed pharmaceutical companies a market for both their approved and unapproved experimental vaccines. It is a market worth billions of dollars, guaranteed by the U.S. Government, who purchases most of these vaccines with U.S. taxpayer funds. The pharmaceutical companies bear no risk whatsoever, as they cannot be sued in civil court for faulty products that cause injury and death [8].

How could there be a better market with such guaranteed results? What could possibly stand in the way of such a powerful market?

Vaccine objectors.

The current U.S. population is the most heavily vaccinated population in the world, but apparently the pharmaceutical lobbyists and the U.S. Government are not satisfied. All across the United States right now, at both the local and federal level, politicians are proposing new legislation to remove vaccine exemptions and pursue mandatory vaccines.

And this is largely based on the fact that just over 100 people have been infected with the measles virus this year, with no deaths. If one were to create a table of the top diseases and illnesses infecting Americans in 2015, would measles even be in the top 100?

It would certainly appear that there is something else going on besides a genuine concern about measles infections.

As the current vaccine debate is being carried out all across the U.S., the current City Council dispute happening in Spokane Washington [9] is probably representative of what is happening all across the country, where politicians with little or no medical or legal background are attempting to change public policy on health laws by mandating vaccines or squelching free speech by vaccine objectors.

In Spokane, they currently have a Health Board member who was “editor-in-chief and contributor for the Star Wars fan magazine Star Wars Insider as well as the Star Wars Kids magazine,” and a first term City Council president who previously worked in “customer service and management with the Oakland Raiders and TicketsWest,” trying to set public policy on vaccines and silence a fellow Council member on the Board of Health who is “a disabled American veteran, who served as a criminal investigator and contracting officer in the Army” by removing him from the Board of Health. (Story here [9].)

Wake up America! If you don’t want politicians taking away your health freedoms and your ability to refuse medical treatments and drugs, including experimental ones not even approved by the FDA, it is time to make your voice heard, whether you are pro-vaccine, anti-vaccine, or somewhere in between.

As for the current political dispute about funding the Department of Homeland Security [10], tell your Congressional representative and Senators to defund or repeal the Project Bioshield Act as a starter.

Medical Tyranny is alive and well in the United States, and the only hope we have to reverse this trend is an informed and educated public that resists.

Visit our Resources Page [11] where you can learn about existing laws regarding vaccines, and sign up for updates [11] in your state regarding efforts attempting to remove your rights to informed consent.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com [12]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33101,"by Alliance for Natural Health

This is an URGENT ACTION ALERT! The deadline for comments is this week.

The National Organic Standards Board will be meeting later this month in Louisville. Fundamental issues that will determine the future of organic foods will be discussed and voted upon.

The NOSB has proposed a new research priority: whether to prohibit BPA (the endocrine disruptor bisphenol A) in the packaging used for organic foods “in light of mounting evidence that it may be harmful.”

There have been calls for increased research on suitable alternatives, but as we have reported previously, many alternatives are as dangerous as BPA, if not worse. Just banning BPA without banning the almost-as-bad or the just-as-bad-or-worse alternatives won’t help. That is just sweeping the problem under the rug. More research is required to identify and promote truly viable substitutes.

It is vitally important that citizens support this research priority—it’s the first step to ultimately banning BPA in favor of safer solutions. Research should be conducted in a timely manner, followed by prompt rulemaking. Letting the research and rulemaking drag out indefinitely could be used as a delaying tactic, in the hope that the public will just forget about the BPA problem.

The NOSB is also engaged in researching the best way to handle GMO cross-contamination, as we discussed last year. We have found it troubling that in order to avoid GMO contamination, the burden falls on organic producers following best organic practices, not on farmers who use GMOs and actually do the cross-contamination. It’s been especially worrying since no final product testing of organic food is required to check for GMO contamination.

Encouragingly, the NOSB is now considering shifting some of the onus onto GMO producers and the agencies that oversee them, asking them to follow best practices to avoid contamination of organics (such as planting a safe distance away). However, the research is just in the preliminary stage, and there is no guarantee that it will have any “teeth” when the final rules are developed. Given the ubiquity of GMOs in the US, it appears that GMO contamination will be inevitable—as we saw in the GMO contamination of Oregon wheat fields—unless strong measures are taken. Now the same thing has happened in Montana, as we report in this article, also a part of this week’s issue of The Pulse.

The NOSB is considering broadening the definition of “genetically modified organism” to include new technologies. Current definitions, including the Codex definition, are extremely narrow and don’t encompass new GMO methodologies such as RNAi, used in the non-browning arctic apple. ANH-USA supports a broader definition, which will help ensure that GMOs are not allowed to creep into organic food.

On the downside, the NOSB is delaying any discussion of banning GMO vaccines on organic livestock—an issue the board has been working on for over a year. The board is citing the lack of agreement on how GMOs are defined, together with the difficulties in properly identifying GMO vaccines, as reasons for the delay. They have not even agreed upon a timeline or next steps for this issue.

As for the list of ingredients allowed in organic foods, the NOSB’s committees have recommended that the sunset dates for synthetic ingredients currently on the list not be extended, and that new synthetic ingredients not be added to the list. You may recall that at their last meeting, the board considered extending the sunset date for an antibiotic used in organic production, but due to a public outcry, especially from our grassroots activists, the measure failed.

The importance of NOSB decisions cannot be underestimated. They will either protect or destroy the purity of organic criteria—standards that consumers can rely on in the face of factory farming, conventional farming and pest-abatement practices, and GMOs. We must be vigilant in the face of corporate interests taking over the organics industry. When organic certification became a government function, it opened the door to crony capitalists. We need to close that door.

ANH-USA will be submitting a formal comment; we may also attend the meeting to provide our comment orally. Urgent Action Alert! The deadline for submitting your comments is October 7, so please send your message to the NOSB today! Tell the board what your priorities are—to keep organic foods truly organic. Please take action immediately!

To read about the last National Organic Standards Board meeting in San Antonio see:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32214,"Every summer, Americans celebrate the 4th of July to mark the day in 1776 when the American colonies agreed they would no longer be ruled by an aristocracy. The Declaration of Independence begins with, “We hold these truths to be self evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights.” That Declaration was a rejection of oppression by a ruling aristocracy and the pledge that this country would uphold the unalienable natural right to life and liberty that belongs to every person. 240 years later, we find ourselves again fighting for freedom from oppression because we have allowed the rise of a new ruling aristocracy, an elitist class of privileged citizens who want the legal right to judge, shame, segregate, discriminate against and punish fellow citizens who do not share their beliefs. Nowhere is this truth more self evident than in the oppressive implementation of one-size-fits-all mandatory vaccination laws that fail to respect biodiversity or human rights and crush citizen opposition, in violation of the informed consent ethic and freedom of thought, speech, conscience and religious belief. When a ruling aristocracy uses the heel of the boot of the State to create fear and oppress average citizens for their beliefs, there is no other word for it but tyranny. The appropriation of unaccountable authority by medical trade and the militarization of public health in the 21st century should be of concern to every person who values life and liberty.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23794,"One of Cincinnati’s largest employers fired approximately 150 employees for failing to get a required flu shot.

TriHealth offered all of its 10,800 employees free flu shots. Employees had a month to get the flu shot. The deadline was Nov. 16. Employees who did not get the shot were terminated Wednesday, a company spokesperson said.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33217,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Among all the health professionals, M.D.s, herbalists, osteopaths, chiropractors, legal advisers as well as grass roots activists promoting medical cannabis for various applications interviewed on the Holistic Cannabis Summit, the interview of Dennis Hill is unique because he self-medicated with cannabis and cured his prostate cancer in six months.

Holistic Cannabis Network co-founder Donna Shields introduced Dennis Hill as a biochemist who worked in the research department of the prestigious MD Anderson Cancer Institute in Houston for several years during his younger days. Decades later in 2010, he was diagnosed with aggressive Stage III adenocarcinoma of the prostate.

He had worked in the research wing of MD Anderson, but sometimes talked with patients in the institute’s clinical areas. He was depressed and saddened with the amount of suffering from the treatments and struck by the amount of entourage support they had to have to continue with those treatments.

He often thought, “I hope this never happens to me.” He vowed to find other treatment options if it did happen to him.

Searching for an Alternative Treatment for Prostate Cancer

After his diagnosis he realized he had no one for support where he currently lives. Dennis described himself in his interview as a private person who lives alone. So he was hoping for an option outside mainstream oncology that he could pretty much do alone without being poisoned.

A lady friend of Dennis’ told him cannabis cures cancer. But he thought that was ridiculous. She told him her nephew cured his cancer that way, and there was a recent cannabis conference in San Francisco. She commanded him to look it up and research cannabis for cancer!

It wasn’t the idea of using marijuana for any other reason that struck him as ridiculous. He was an occasional recreational marijuana smoker during his youth, even as a biochemist. He knew it was harmless, but considered it non-medicinal, especially for cancer. After all, he had worked in the research wing of the MD Anderson Cancer Institute for 10 years.

He took his friend’s advice and researched PubMed for studies of cannabis for medical purposes because he understood science speaks. Some were in foreign languages without translations, but there were enough that were translated and others from America in English. He became convinced after reviewing many cancer cannabis studies that he had found a potential option.

Now that he was ready to try cannabis for his cancer, Dennis was in a quandary for a supplier. It was 2011 and he lived in a small town. A friend told him of a local person who grew and sold bud and that she would get cannabutter (cannabis infused butter) made for him from the trim, which is what’s left after removing the more profitable buds.

He had no way of knowing how much THC or CBD was in the cannabutter, but he simply dosed daily up to tolerance, finding that the more he took the more he could tolerate as time went on.

Judging from the way he experienced his self-medication compared to smoking marijuana during during his youth, he estimated the cannabutter to be high THC but maybe less potent. He also explained how he later came to understand that high THC is important for treating cancer.

During his self-treatment with cannabis, the intern M.D. who had referred him to a urologist was enthusiastic and wanted Hill to stay in touch and report his progress. But the urologist wouldn’t have any of it, and was antagonistic the whole time. Fortunately this was California, and Dennis had obtained his medical marijuana card.

During that six months, Dennis Hill also discovered a cannabis co-op near his small town in California. Without money exchanging hands, everyone chipped in for the planting, harvesting, and making cannabis oils with the whole plant and not just the buds. He said it’s known as “hash oil.”

Remission and Recovery from Cancer

After only three months, the main tumor was gone, but a few metastatic lesions remained. In another three months, all traces of cancer were gone.

Donna Shields asked how Dennis coped with all that cannabis in his system for the whole six months.

He explained how the whole six month treatment that evolved from cannabis butter to whole plant hash oil created no interruptions with his daily life. He was a former track scholarship athlete at the University of Houston, and he runs two miles every morning, which he continued all through his high dosage cannabis treatment.

And he never missed a day of work at either of his two jobs during that time. He said he actually enjoyed the treatment. He took two doses daily, before work was a smaller dose and after work a heavier dose. Donna spoke of how debilitating conventional cancer treatments are and how it would have been impossible for him to continue his routines under those treatments.

Updated Advice

Although Dennis did what he could do with limited knowledge to cure his prostate cancer without surgery, chemotherapy, or radiation, he has done enough of his own detailed research during his five years since being cancer free to make this advice for cancer patients on the Holistic Cancer Summit:

Use a strain that’s 50/50 THC and CBD. Because the CBD helps counteract the THC’s psychoactive effect or high, one who has problems functioning with the psychoactive effects can continue to function with higher amounts of THC. Both THC and CBD destroy cancer cells, but they do their damage differently. The THC destroys cancer cells’ mitochondria, the part of the cell that creates energy, by breaking its walls, while CBD inhibits the metabolism of the cancer cell’s mitochondria. Thus making the 1:1 THC to CBD ratio ideal for cancer patients. These activities target only cancer cells while leaving healthy cells alone.

For those who cannot get cannabis with THC because of local laws, Dennis recommended using CBD. Both he and Donna Shields agreed it’s not as potent as THC for cancer, but they declared it was a step in the right direction that could be part of another natural regimen with the right supporting diet.

Upon being asked if he saw mainstream medicine going more toward cannabis medical applications, Dennis expressed doubts, but added at a recent cannabis conference, a physician did publicly remark that eventually, after further research and clinical applications, all pharmaceuticals could be replaced by cannabis.

The more he thought about it, the more he realized it is possible.

[1]

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24080,"by Jefferey Jaxen

Health Impact News

In January 2016, Hillary Clinton unveiled an autism initiative that was focused on bringing greater awareness to the epidemic.

Clinton, who has received more pharmaceutical industry money than any leading political figure in the United States, wants “to ensure that all children, and in particular children from underserved backgrounds, can get screened for autism.”

Reading between the political red tape and double speak, Clinton and the pharmaceutical industry are looking to create a funnel to drive millions affected by the autism spectrum into the drug company’s arms.

The American Psychiatric Association’s fifth and latest edition of it Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) contained a revised diagnosis covering the autism spectrum. According to the new DSM-5, the updated information represents “a more accurate, and medically and scientifically useful way of diagnosing individuals with autism-related disorders.”

The word “useful” benefits American psychiatry by giving the profession a reason and billing code to prescribe dangerous pharmaceutical drugs. Investigative journalist Jon Rappoport has reported for years on the open secret that there are no definitive laboratory tests for any so-called mental disorders. One has to wonder why politicians and the medical community are eager to squeeze autism and psychiatry together at all.

“In 2032 1 in 2 children will have an autism spectrum disorder — eighty-percent of boys, one in two children. The risk of autism for a child born today is one in twenty-five at least. This is not a genetic disorder. This is an environmental disorder. I will go one step further, this is a manmade disorder.” -Dr. Andrew Wakefield

Identifying Real Causes of Autism

Clinton is right to focus on the exponentially growing population of those on the autism spectrum as well as their families and caregivers. For money-hungry drug companies and the politicians they control, this enormous section of the population symbolizes a new revenue stream.

While the political elite and pharmaceutical companies struggle to define the autism spectrum for purely monetary ends, pioneers and true leaders have been busy finding medically valid solutions and even reversing the environmental, man-made injury that is autism.

Many children and their families touched by autism are rapidly beginning to understand there exists medically valid solutions to an array of symptoms. The real answers aren’t hopeful cures depending on the empathy and trust of distant FDA-approved, isolated chemicals.

Medical Cannabis Provides Real Hope

There is a lot of buzz these days coming from the political and medical hot potato that is medical cannabis (marijuana). Many states are wrestling with current legislation, desperate not to give full control of this plant’s healing powers over to the people without high taxes and tracking systems.

A fact being begrudgingly accepted by mainstream medicine is the existence of the endocannabinoid system working within the human body. In the video below, Dr. Jeffrey Bradstreet, M.D., gives a lecture about the endocannabinoid system. Dr. Bradstreet’s pioneering work on curing autism came to an abrupt halt last year (2015) when his body was found in a river after being shot in the chest. (See: Is The U.S. Medical Mafia Murdering Alternative Health Doctors Who Have Real Cures Not Approved by the FDA?)

The endocannabinoid system consists simply of a group of receptors located in the brain and throughout the nervous system. This regulatory system, when out of balance, has an intimate relationship with many of the symptoms listed on the austim-spectrum. In addition, research shows links between autism disorders and impaired functioning of the endocannabinoid system. The chemical component of the cannabis plant, cannabidiol (CDB), is showing major promise towards helping to rebalance the body’s endocannabinoid system and alleviate certain autism-related symptoms.

In 1970 congress listed marijuana/cannabis as a Schedule 1 drug in the same category as heroin, ecstasy and LSD. This fact has kept the plant out of the hands of medical and scientific researchers, handicapping decades of progress towards potential solutions to the autism spectrum, depression, cancer, neurological issues, and scores of other disease, imbalances and general ailments.

Laws Are Changing: Medical Cannabis Treatment and Research is Expanding

Two major events have just occurred within the last week. First, Pennsylvania is moving to become the first state to list autism as a qualifying condition for medical marijuana. Senate Bill 3 (SB3) — referred to as “The Functional Medical Marijuana Bill” — has been under debate for two years and appears to now be gaining overwhelming support. In its current form, the bill will have to pass the Senate and gain the signature of Governor Tom Wolf, who has committed to signing it, according to WGAL in Lancaster, PA.

If the bill becomes law, Pennsylvania doctors would need to enroll in a four-hour course detailing the latest scientific research on medical cannabis. Physicians who want to participate would then have to submit an application to become registered to prescribe.

The law states that the medical marijuana can be administered in pill form, oils and liquids, but not as a smokable substance. For many caring for a child on the autism spectrum, treatments and therapies are not covered by insurance making them simply out of reach. If Pennsylvania’s SB3 becomes law, it will legally protect doctors who want to prescribe medical marijuana. In addition, the law would give parents and their children access to a powerful medical tool that would be covered by insurance.

The second major event that is currently in the works is the world’s first official crowdfunded medical marijuana study at Colorado State University. Headed by Thorsten Rudroff, director of Colorado State University’s (CSU) Integrative Neurophysiology Lab, the study aims to conduct tests on at least 20 MS patients in northern Colorado who already are using medical marijuana and compare them with members of a control group of the same size who do not.

Rudroff’s research will not be providing cannabis or encouraging its use to the participants. CSU has been a hot bed of activity over the past year by leading the U.S. in marijuana research. In 2014, the Colorado State Board approved over $$8 million in grant funding. The money covered eight studies focusing on medical marijuana’s efficacy in treating post-traumatic stress disorder, Parkinson’s disease, pediatric epilepsy and brain tumors.

Research being done in Colorado and laws being considered in Pennsylvania are becoming commonplace. Once states get a taste of the legalized marijuana tax dollars, there is no turning back.

It was recently reported that Oregon has taken in nearly $$4 million in taxes from the state’s newly legalized marijuana sales.

Meanwhile, the United States Supreme Court has dismissed Nebraska & Oklahoma v Colorado, a landmark case that threatened to reverse Colorado’s marijuana legislation and undermine the nation’s efforts to legalize marijuana.

For an American population that has been abused by pharmaceutical industries for a century, the idea of legal medical cannabis is a welcomed one. Although not a miracle cure, the plant is perhaps showing signs that it is as close as one can be in the real word.

Researchers, patients and those in need all wait eagerly for the gates to open and begin the race towards fully legal medical marijuana/cannabis in all its forms.

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33249,"by Dr. Mercola

Dental health is an important part of your overall health. Unnecessary drilling and filling your teeth with toxic materials can have far-reaching, long-term health ramifications.

Fortunately, there are options, but it can be tricky finding a dentist that is fully familiar with alternative types of dentistry, such as minimally invasive dentistry and biomimetic […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23927,"by Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS)

PRNewswire-USNewswire

TUCSON, Ariz., Dec. 12, 2012 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Health workers nationwide are facing an ultimatum to either receive an influenza vaccination, or be fired. TriHealth, for example, one of Cincinnati’s largest employers, recently threatened to fire 150 workers if they did not get the vaccine, or a religious or medical exemption, by Dec 3.

The presumption is that the vaccine is safe and effective, and that health workers have a duty to protect their patients from a potentially lethal disease. But according to an article in the winter issue of the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons, evidence of efficacy is weak, and safety data are limited. In particular, there is no evidence showing that vaccinated workers are less likely to transmit virus.

In the past, more than half of health workers have declined to get an annual flu vaccine. “It is demeaning to assume that they are all uninformed or irresponsible,” writes Jane M. Orient, M.D. An on-line, in-house survey by theAssociation of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) showed that of about 700 respondents, nearly 80% think that influenza vaccination should be a matter of personal choice. More than 150 physicians expressed willingness to risk their medical staff privileges to avoid the vaccine. Colorado workers have formed an activist group, Colorado Health Care Workers against Forced Vaccination.

An extensive literature review by the Cochrane Collaboration found a “modest” effect of vaccine on influenza symptoms or workdays lost. If the vaccine happens to match the virus in circulation, 4% of unvaccinated people get influenza symptoms compared to 1% of vaccinated people. If the vaccine is not well-matched, the figures are 2% versus 1%.

Besides Guillain-Barre syndrome, there are other safety risks. Some vaccine products have been withdrawn, as when Bell’s palsy or narcolepsy was observed in many recipients, the article points out. Some risks come from the contamination of animal-derived culture material, including chick embryos and bovine serum. Vegans are exempt from the influenza vaccine mandate.

As cited in the Journal article, Cochrane authors state that there is “evidence of widespread manipulation of conclusions” in vaccine studies, and that authors for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) “clearly do not weight interpretation by quality of the evidence, but quote anything that supports their theory.”

“With such weak evidence, why the pressure to push this vaccine?” asks Orient. “Hospitals are apparently feeling pressure from the government. In 2014, Medicare will add influenza vaccine coverage to quality reporting measures, and will withhold 2% of payments for failure to report.”

Conflicts of interest are rampant, she notes, as representatives on relevant advisory committees receive substantial compensation or grants from vaccine manufacturers. Unlike with other pharmaceuticals, manufacturers are immunized from liability for adverse reactions from mandated vaccines.

The influenza vaccine mandate is “authority-based,” the article concludes. It “trumps individual autonomy, the Hippocratic ethic, and also evidence-based medicine.”

The Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS), a national organization representing physicians in all specialties founded in 1943, publishes the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons.

Read the full press release here: http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mandated-flu-shots-for-health-workers-on-shaky-ground-journal-article-states-183161141.html

Flu and Flu Vaccines:

What’s Coming Through That Needle – DVD

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24872,"by Dr. Jonny Bowden

jonnybowdenblog.com

The American Dietetic Association is at it again, working tirelessly to make sure that the only nutrition information you get is from members of their union.

I’ve said it before and I’ll say it now: I consider the American Dietetic Association one of the most destructive influences on eating behavior in America.

They never met a government policy they didn’t like. They believe supplements aren’t important. They’ve continued to promote high-carb low-fat diets. They believe there’s no such thing as a bad food, no surprise since a huge percentage of their corporate sponsorship comes from industry and Big Food. They’ve never had an original thought in their collective head.

One small story about the ADA that may help shed light on just what they’re all about. The American Dietetic Association once tried to stop the late nutritionist Shari Lieberman, PhD, CNS, RD from using her RD as a professional credential.

Why, you ask? Because she broke from the party line and actually recommended vitamin and mineral supplements.

Lieberman sued the ADA, won full rights to her degree, then promptly stopped using it. “The CNS exam asks you what enzyme activates the pancreatic enzyme trypsinogen into its active form”, she once told me. “The RD exam asks you questions like “how do you make a lemon merenguie pie.”

Remember, folks, next time you’re in a hospital, these are the people responsible for the jello, mashed potatoes and apple juice.

Asking the American Dietetic Association to be the final say in nutrition education is like asking the Taliban to teach a college course in world religions at Harvard.

This time the ADA is up to its old tricks again, working behind the scenes to try to insure that no one who is not an RD will be able to talk to you about nutrition. In California, the bill knocks out all CNs, CNSs, CCNs, and those with graduate degrees including PhD’s.

The fine for practicing “dietetics” (a vague and incompletely defined term) without an RD is $$1000.00 and/or six months in jail.

They’ve done this before, notably in Wisconsin and New York, and now they’re trying to do it in California.

Here’s the drill. Lobbyists for the ADA- with lobbying firepower second only to the NRA — attempt to get legislation passed to create stringent licensing for all nutrition professionals. Sounds good, right? They hide behind the mask of trying to “protect” the public from unscrupulous practitioners and unqualified “experts”, something no one- let alone time-pressed legislatures – would object to.

After all, who would object to licensing professionals? Who wouldn’t vote for a bill to protect consumers and make sure that people practicing in the health field knew what they’re talking about?

Problem is, it’s all a crock. The only purpose of the legislation is to limit the practice of nutrition to RDs only.

This is union protectionism at its worst. The ADA essentially fights to keep anyone who is not in their “union” from practicing nutrition. This includes- hold on to your hats- MDs, Chiropractors, Clinical nutritionists, licensed acupuncturists, CNS’s, CCNs and even folks with a masters degree in nutrition. Under the ADA- sponsored bills, my friend Mark Houston, MD– a professor of medicine who also holds a masters in nutrition from the rigorous Bridgeport University nutrition program— would not be able to dispense nutritional advice professionally.

Read the Full Article here: http://jonnybowdenblog.com/more-claptrap-from-the-american-dietetic-association/

To read about how one Registered Dietitian followed the evidence instead of her education and certification and concluded that saturated fat is not so bad after all, and that coconut oil is healthy, read: Coconut Oil for Energy

UPDATE: Here is another report on the ADA from the Alliance for Natural Health

How the American Dietetic Association is Strengthening its Monopoly

The ADA is clever. It gets legislation passed under the radar, when no one is looking. And natural health nutritionists are getting a rotten deal.

As we reported a few weeks ago, the American Dietetic Association (ADA) has sponsored legislation in over 40 states. These bills usually lump dietitians and nutritionists into one licensing scheme, and require nutritionists to complete a dietitian program in order to practice nutritional therapy. Even if the nutritionist holds a Masters or a PhD in nutrition, the nutritionist is still required to complete registration through the ADA in order to keep practicing.

This is the organization that lists among its corporate sponsors soft drink giants Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, cereal manufacturers General Mills and Kellogg’s, candy maker Mars, and Unilever, the multinational corporation that owns many of the world’s consumer products brands in foods and beverages.

The ADA’s legislative manipulations are able to go undetected because it takes years for a bill to go through the regulatory phase and be implemented—so few people become aware of the full consequences of the law. Moreover, the ADA hasn’t yet “pulled the trigger” sending out cease-and-desist letters to nutritionists everywhere telling them they can no longer practice—but you can rest assured this will happen, as soon as the organization has its monopoly firmly established. In the meantime they go on to lobby for new legislation in other states.

Currently the ADA is pressing for bills in four states. They are have even organized a lobby day in New York state at the end of the month.

Take a look at what has been happening in North Carolina. It’s what will happen in all the states if the ADA monopoly grows.

There has been a dietetic monopoly law in NC since 1991. In 2003, Liz Lipski, PhD, CCN, CHN, a well-known and eminent nutritionist, applied for licensure. Just last month she was told by the North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition that she did not meet the minimum requirements for licensure.

As we have mentioned before, the “minimum requirements” fits the lower credentialing requirements of the dietitian model—so, for example, the NC dietitian board claimed that Liz did not meet the course requirement for organic chemistry, even though she has a doctoral level course in nutritional biochemistry—which is applied organic chemistry. Furthermore, Liz has a doctorate in clinical nutrition, has been board certified in holistic nutrition, and has been practicing for decades. But because she did not take the specific lower-level academic course as demanded by the ADA, she could no longer be licensed.

Liz has hired an attorney and is in the process of negotiating with the North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition. Her website has full details of her case, and if you can help with a donation toward her legal fees, it would be greatly appreciated.

Why does the the ADA, which claims to protect the consumer against poorly qualified nutritionists, reject nutritionists with advanced degrees from fully accredited institutions, like Liz Lipski? Could it be because they are more qualified than their own licensees?

We wanted to give you a follow-up on some of the bills the ADA we told you about previously. Remember, just because people are trying to get laws passed under the radar doesn’t mean we can’t stop them in their tracks!

Nevada AB 289: This bill is moving forward quickly. It has passed the Nevada House and is already in committee in its Senate. It is scheduled for a hearing tomorrow, May 11. This bad bill states that only ADA-licensed dietitians shall practice dietetics. “Dietetics” as defined in the bill encompasses a wide range of nutrition services including performing nutritional assessments and nutrition monitoring, counseling and evaluation, all of which fall under the scope of practice of any qualified and self-respecting nutritionist. Furthermore, the bill explicitly states that individuals cannot use the words “licensed nutritionist” or “LN” unless they complete the program for dietitians—which also requires completion of the ADA exam.

Nevada residents: If you have not done so already, please take action immediately, as the hearing will take place tomorrow!

There is also an online opinion poll on the Nevada legislative website. Nevada legislators use this opinion poll to get a sense of how their constituents feel about a certain bill. To let your legislator know how you feel about AB 289, fill this opinion poll by clicking here.

California AB 575: Victory! Due to a groundswell of opposition from our members, as well as the hard work of a coalition of activists, we were able to ensure that AB 575 was not heard in committee. We believe that AB 575 will not move anywhere this session but we are keeping eye open for the next session when it will almost certainly be reintroduced.

New York A.5666 and S.3556: As we noted in our previous article, this bill lumps dieticians and nutritionists together under one title, “Licensed Dietitian/Nutritionist” or “LDN,” and gives the ADA a majority membership on the new joint board—which means that the board will require that only the ADA exam be allowed, as they have done in other states. ADA-registered dietitians are planning a rally day on Friday, May 20, to lobby their legislators in support of this bill.

In response, we’re going to have an “online lobby day.” We’ll have a coordinated day of action tomorrow, on Wednesday, May 11—if you are a New York resident, please call your state representatives in opposition to the bill. Emails are great (and please continue to send them on our Action Alert page)—but real impact would be felt by calling representatives all on the same day.

New Jersey AB1987 and S809: No news here as yet. The Dietitian/Nutritionist Licensing Act lumps together “licensed dietitian/nutritionist,” and the terms are used interchangeably throughout the bill. Instead of noting and providing for the differences between the two, the bill creates a State Board of Dietitians/Nutritionists instead of a separate board for each. Furthermore, the Senate version of the bill requires the completion of a registered exam administered by the American Dietetic Association. If you are a New Jersey resident, please take action here.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/how-the-american-dietetic-association-is-strengthening-its-monopoly/

Hardcover

Retail: $$27.95

Now: $$19.95

More Info.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24968,"by Dr. Brownstein

Limit Your Salt? Forgetaboutit!

My patients always give me quizzical looks when I tell them they need to increase their salt intake. You see, I have been checking salt levels on nearly every patient that has ever seen me. My experience has clearly shown that most patients do not consume enough salt. I know you are probably thinking that you read that last sentence incorrectly. We have been conditioned to think that we should eat less salt. The powers-that-be routinely release edicts stating that we need to eat less salt in order to be healthier and have less hypertension. However, that last statement is just not true. Eating less salt will not make us healthier and not lower the risk for hypertension.

I have been writing about the importance of salt for well over fifteen years. Salt is the second major constituent in our body, next to water. We need adequate amounts of good salt in our diet to run hundreds of different biochemical pathways.

Does salt cause blood pressure problems? The vast majority of people do not see any appreciable blood pressure lowering when they lower their salt intake. I quote many studies in my salt book which show the fallacy of lowering salt intake to lower blood pressure. There are a few individuals who are salt sensitive, but they are few and far between.

In conventional medicine, salt consists of two ions, sodium and chloride. Refined salt is 99% sodium and chloride with toxic additives such as ferrocyanide and aluminum added to it. Unrefined salt is a better choice for salt because it contains essential minerals that are absent in refined salt products. Examples of good sources of unrefined salt include Celtic Brand Sea Salt, Redmond’s Real Salt, and Himalayan Salt.

This blog post was written in response to recent article titled, “Serum chloride is an independent predictor of mortality in hypertensive patients.” (1) The authors of this article analyzed nearly 13,000 hypertensive individuals and followed them for up to 35 years. They found the lowest intake of chloride (<100 mEq/L) was associated with a 20% higher mortality rate. A 1mEq/L increase in chloride was associated with a 1.5% reduction in all-cause mortality. The authors conclude, “Low, not high serum chloride is associated with greater mortality risk…”

Chloride is an essential nutrient in our body. We cannot live without it. What is the best food source for chloride? You guessed it– it is salt. Should we eat refined salt? That answer is easy–no. It is best to use unrefined salt as part of a healthy dietary regimen. For most patients, at least one teaspoon per day of unrefined salt is necessary to supply the body with the optimal amounts of sodium, chloride and minerals. If you have kidney failure, be cautious about increasing your salt intake. More information about salt can be found in my book, Salt Your Way to Health.

Read the full article here: http://blog.drbrownstein.com/limit-your-salt-forgetaboutit/

Sources

(1) Hypertension. September 9, 2013



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43901,"by Brian Shilhavy

In those days Hezekiah became ill and was at the point of death. The prophet Isaiah son of Amoz went to him and said, “This is what the LORD says: Put your house in order, because you are going to die; you will not recover.” Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and prayed to the LORD, “Remember, LORD, how I have walked before you faithfully and with wholehearted devotion and have done what is good in your eyes.” And Hezekiah wept bitterly. Then the word of the LORD came to Isaiah: “Go and tell Hezekiah, ‘This is what the LORD, the God of your father David, says: I have heard your prayer and seen your tears; I will add fifteen years to your life…’” Isaiah had said, “Prepare a poultice of figs and apply it to the boil, and he will recover.” (Isaiah 38:1-5,21)

The record of King Hezekiah’s life; his illness, his prayer, and what the Lord spoke to him, provide valuable insights for us regarding healing. Let’s take a look at some of the principles this historical account teaches us.

First, healing comes from God, the one who created us. God also controls the timing of our physical death. Hezekiah developed some kind of sickness, and God sent word to him through the prophet Isaiah that he was not going to recover – he was going to die. Hezekiah then cries and prays to God. God hears his prayer, and decides to add fifteen years to his life. After delivering this message from God to Hezekiah that he would recover, Isaiah then uses “a poultice of figs” to apply to his skin disease as a remedy. If Isaiah (or anyone else) had tried to use this natural remedy prior to the Lord declaring that Hezekiah was going to be healed, it would not have worked. God made the decision: Hezekiah and Isaiah just followed his directions.

Modern day science is based on the foundation of Darwinian evolution, and the belief that the universe is a closed system. It sees the universe in primarily physical terms. To have such a belief, one is forced to not believe in God or creation. However, God does exist, and his existence is not limited to the confines of his creation, e.g. the universe. He also exists outside of it. Therefore the universe cannot be a closed system. God created it, and he interacts with it as he chooses. The historical records of the life of Jesus show that Jesus constantly defied what evolutionists would call “the laws of nature” by doing such as things as walking on water, turning water into wine, healing diseases, and even raising dead people back to life.

Unfortunately, modern day medicine and modern day naturalism/alternative health primarily base their systems of healing on the Darwinian foundation which believes in a closed system. Healing is believed to exist primarily within the physical realm. So the medical system trusts in its medicines, and the naturalist trusts in natural substances such as herb, vitamins, etc. That these physical remedies do indeed have therapeutic value cannot be denied, even as people during the days of King Hezekiah and the prophet Isaiah probably understood that “poultices of figs” also had therapeutic value. But as noted above, God had already spoken regarding Hezekiah’s condition, and no natural or man-made remedy could have changed that. Among all the medicines and natural remedies known to man today, none of them affect healing 100% of the time. People still get sick, and people still die.

The second major principle we can learn from this account of King Hezekiah, is that God hears people’s prayers, and he is moved by them. The fact that God can “change his mind” regarding future events is also documented in other places in the scriptures. One of the best stories is the one of the prophet Jonah. Jonah was sent to preach against one of Israel’s enemies and go to the city of Nineveh. He tried to resist God, but that was futile. So he entered the city and proclaimed the word of the Lord, which was that Nineveh was going to be destroyed within 40 days because of their great sin. But as was similar in the story about Hezekiah, prayer was offered up to God, and God changed his mind:

When Jonah’s warning reached the king of Nineveh, he rose from his throne, took off his royal robes, covered himself with sackcloth and sat down in the dust. This is the proclamation he issued in Nineveh: “By the decree of the king and his nobles: Do not let people or animals, herds or flocks, taste anything; do not let them eat or drink. But let people and animals be covered with sackcloth. Let everyone call urgently on God. Let them give up their evil ways and their violence. Who knows? God may yet relent and with compassion turn from his fierce anger so that we will not perish.” When God saw what they did and how they turned from their evil ways, he relented and did not bring on them the destruction he had threatened. (Jonah 3:6-10)

Could it be that in the case of Hezekiah God was allowing certain things he had sown in his life to take their course in his illness until Hezekiah humbled himself before God and came to a point of recognizing his own sins and shortcomings, much like what happened with the king and citizens of Nineveh? I think we have the answer in Hezekiah’s own words after he was healed:

Surely it was for my benefit that I suffered such anguish. In your love you kept me from the pit of destruction; you have put all my sins behind your back. (Isaiah 38:17)

Hezekiah apparently saw his illness as an opportunity to humble himself before God and change his ways. He could not say “you have put all my sins behind your back” if he was not aware that he had sinned against God. His illness humbled him and made him aware of his failures before God, and he turned to God for forgiveness and help. That was a good thing, and it moved God to change his mind!

Contrast that with the way our modern culture approaches healing today. Starting with a presupposition of a universe that is a closed system and where God does not exist, we approach all illness as a result of “natural causes” that can be observed through empiricism. God is never considered, and any sins committed against God are considered only as part of religion, and certainly not part of modern day healing. Spiritual health conditions are almost never related to physical health conditions. Remedies are sought only in the physical realm, and restoring one’s relationship to their Creator is not considered.

As I have noted in other writings (see links below), such a narrow concept of health and healing is a recent phenomenon in human history. Even within ancient Greek culture, which brought to us empiricism and much of the beginnings of modern day “science” and academic thought, they believed in a spirit world and approached healing from not just the physical realm, but also the spiritual. They looked to their Greek gods, such as Apollo and Zeus, for healing in addition to using physical remedies. They understood that there was a spiritual aspect of health also, and they sought the favor of their gods.

I have also noted in other articles that our personal sins are not always a direct cause of our sickness. Sometimes our health can suffer through the sins of others, or from direct causal relationships to things such as pollution or toxins in our environment. But the source of healing is always the same in all circumstances, whether we recognize it or not.

I am the LORD, who heals you. (Exodus 15:26)

Where do you see the source of healing coming from? Who do you turn to when you are sick? When you are healed, who do you give credit to?

O LORD my God, I cried to you for help, and you have healed me. (Psalms 30:2)

The LORD sustains him on his sickbed; in his illness you restore him to full health. (Psalms 41:3)

Article link: http://network.sophiamedia.com/created4health/devotionals/Where_Does_Healing_Come_From.htm

Related Articles:

The Authority to Heal

Do Doctors Really Heal?

What is Health?

Who is Responsible for Providing Healthcare?

Who do You Run to When You are Sick?

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23865,"[1]

Health Impact News Editor Comment: Now that the dangers of the deadly Gardasil vaccine are getting so much media exposure, it will be interesting to see what happens from injured victims in countries other than the U.S. In the U.S. of course, the pharmaceutical companies have legal immunity thanks to a Supreme Court decision earlier this year [2] that upheld a law preventing anyone from suing them.

by Anthony Gucciardi

Activist Post

When one Australian woman decided to lead the charge against Gardasil maker Merck after experiencing serious adverse reactions, she soon found another 7 Victorian women with similar intentions and experiences. Naomi Snell, a resident of Melbourne, Australia, suffered an auto-immune and neurological attack after being injected with the HPV shot Gardasil. After reading about a Sydney neurologist who exposed Gardasil as a potential cause of MS-like symptoms, Snell realized that Gardasil could be behind her recent health ailments.

She made a timeline of her declining health using reports from her doctor and physiotherapist. What she found was that the events unfolded right after she had received the Gardasil vaccine. At 28 years of age, Snell lost her ability to walk, suffered from crippling back and neck pain, and experienced convulsions that put her life on hold for 2 years. The health issues started soon after receiving the HPV shot in July 2008.

I never attributed it to my vaccine so I went back for my second and third dose, Ms Snell said [3]. My doctors said I was a case for Dr House. They were baffled.

After launching the class action lawsuit against Merck, 7 Victorian women considered joining the case after experiencing similar reactions to the Gardasil vaccine. One woman linked the Gardasil injection to her miscarriage, which occurred afterwards in her local supermarket.

Gardasil has led to thousands of adverse reactions and even death

Naomi Snell is not the first Gardasil recipient to develop adverse reactions. In fact, many before her have actually died as a result of the Gardasil vaccine.

The Gardasil vaccine has a very questionable timeline [4], riddled with corruption and devastating side effects. Shockingly, the HPV shot led to 3,589 harmful reactions and 16 deaths [5] between May 2009 and September 2010 alone. Of the 3,589 adverse reactions, many were debilitating. Permanent disability was the result of 213 cases; 25 resulted in the diagnosis of Guillain-Barre Syndrome; there were 789 other “serious” reports according to FDA documents.

Merck of course makes no mention of this in their deceptive advertisements [6], leading consumers to think that the vaccine is safe.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.activistpost.com/2011/11/gardasil-victims-take-legal-action.html [7]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33190,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

An Idaho mother has lost custody of her two children due to her state’s strict laws regarding marijuana, where it is not legal even for medical purposes for physicians to prescribe.

Kelsey Osborne, 23, has lost custody of her two young children, son Ryker and daughter Madyson aged two and three respectively, to state Child Protective Services (CPS). Both children were removed even though only Madyson was allegedly treated with cannabis during a horrific seizure episode. Kelsey now faces the charge of “causing injury to a child.”

Idaho is a bastion of resistance to medical marijuana bordered by three very liberal cannabis states, Washington, Oregon, Colorado, and one medical marijuana state that is improving its access to patients, Montana. Not long ago, a state congressional panel in Idaho rejected a proposal to allow CBD (non-psycho active cannabidiol) for children with seizures.

This allowance has been granted in several states that still oppose medical marijuana generally. They’re comfortable with allowing it due to the absence of THC (chemical that makes people “high”) with CBD oils and the fact that more and more children are severely epileptic than before, and many pharmaceutical medications are not working but worsening their conditions.

Instead, Idaho Governor C.L. “Butch” Otter opened up pharmaceutical research for synthetic CBD to be tested among 25 children. Problem is, synthetic pharmaceuticals of any herb or plant cannot exactly duplicate the active ingredient and do not contain the entourage effect of the many balancing compounds the marijuana plant offers.

CBD and THC are the two major cannabinoids among 60 others in the whole plant. CBD extracted from whole plant hybrid cannabis grown to minimize THC, has demonstrated strong efficacy and safety for epileptic seizures among young children.

This was the dilemma Kelsey dealt with to pull her daughter Madyson from her intense agony and seizures during her withdrawal from Risperdal, an anti-psychotic drug Madyson was prescribed after her adverse reaction with the MMR vaccine.

Madyson was prescribed such a strong and dangerous anti-psychotic pharmaceutical because her doctor couldn’t determine the cause of her aggressive behavior and angry outbursts, a manifestation of one aspect of the autism disorder spectrum. Obviously, he wouldn’t confirm that the MMR vaccine caused her spells of aggressive anger. Most pediatricians won’t dare go there.

During Madyson’s time with Kelsey’s ex-husband, he took Madyson off Risperdal cold turkey. That’s a no-no, considered by many as even more dangerous than taking the drug.

The next day, Madyson was screaming in pain, vomiting with intense seizures, hallucinating, and begging for help. Evidently, Kelsey was up somewhat on medical cannabis research. If CBD would have been an option, she would have allegedly used that instead.

But that’s not an option in Idaho. So Kelsey somehow got marijuana with THC then infused it into butter, which she spooned into a smoothie. Within a half-hour, Madyson was relieved of her agonizing symptoms.

Kelsey had made an appointment with Madyson’s pediatrician and brought her there soon after using the marijuana infused butter to calm her down. The pediatrician took a blood sample. That’s when the THC showed up, compelling the pediatrician to call CPS and report the discovery of THC in a three year old child.

This is what led to Kelsey losing all custody of her children and being charged with “causing injury to a child.” Her case is scheduled to be heard on December 22, 2016.

A Case for the Legalization of Medical Marijuana

A group called Moms for Marijuana International has picked up the cause of allowing medical marijuana for children by backing up Kelsey in her fight to regain custody of her children and getting acquitted of the prosecution’s charge of “causing injury to a child.” Her trial has been extended for December.

The CPS case is based solely on the fact that cannabis is completely illegal in Idaho. Kelsey’s attorney R. Thomas Curl argues:

The state is relying on injury to a child because it’s illegal. It [cannabis] is illegal in Idaho but they cannot demonstrate injury to this child. And if they cannot demonstrate injury to this child they are missing one of the elements of the crime. And if they are missing one of the elements, then they have no case.

The fact is that Risperdal, especially with the sudden withdrawal conducted by the father, is what caused considerable harm, or actual injury to Madyson. Also, that prescription was given out of refusing to acknowledge the harm allegedly caused by another legal pharmaceutical, the MMR vaccine.

The reality is that Kelsey’s intervention with cannabis seemed to have rescued her daughter from a hellish nightmare of agonizing seizures, pain, and constant vomiting.

Interestingly, another group similar to Moms for Marijuana calls itself Mothers Advocating Medical Marijuana for Autism (MAMMA). Their primary mission is for medical marijuana states, which are currently increasing in number, to consider cannabis, even with THC, as a legal alternative for children diagnosed with autism.

Only one state, Delaware has that provision in its medical cannabis bylaws. Anecdotal reports have demonstrated that children with resistant cases of autism, especially aggressive behavior, are not always handled with CBD oils or tinctures.

Often it takes the full spectrum of cannabis oil with THC. Until autism is included as a valid reason for using cannabis, families have to resort to using one or more physiological manifestations of autism that fit within any state’s allowances for their autistic children to benefit.

Kelsey Osborne’s case may prove to be instrumental in furthering the cause of permitting autism to be included in several medical marijuana states, which have expanded significantly in the recent November 8th, 2016 election.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com.

Sources:

http://kutv.com/news/local/gooding-mother-sparks-pro-marijuana-protest-in-boise

http://magicvalley.com/news/opinion/editorial/our-view-lawmakers-play-politics-as-children-suffer/article_d615d18f-4631-5cd7-8f60-2f58c0a67c5c.html

http://magicvalley.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/study-might-replace-cannabis-oil-legalization/article_3df993eb-1b49-5ce5-88ce-963aa6de01d4.html

http://magicvalley.com/news/local/govt-and-politics/idaho-house-panel-kills-marijuana-extract-oil-bill/article_d079d412-d7b1-11e4-994c-f3ad6689be78.html

https://www.facebook.com/Moms4MJ/

Support the cause of Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32485,"Press Release

Tropical Traditions

Brian Shilhavy, CEO of Tropical Traditions, sent a letter recently to Tropical Traditions customers explaining why the company has had so many of its products out of stock or back ordered at the beginning of 2015.

Tropical Traditions found out in late 2014 that much of the USDA certified organic wheat supply in North America was contaminated with residues of the herbicide glyphosate. Tropical Traditions has been in the process of testing all of its products for the presence of glyphosate since that discovery. The products that have been tested for glyphosate and found to be clean are all listed on the Healthy Traditions website now.

Besides organic wheat and other organic grains that were tested positive for glyphosate and removed from the Tropical Traditions product line, they also tested and found glyphosate present in organic flax seeds, organic hemp, and organic freeze-dried strawberries. Products containing those ingredients are no longer available on the Tropical Traditions websites.

Shilhavy explained why the process of determining which products are contaminated with glyphosate and which ones are clean is not a simple process:

It might seem that it is a simple procedure for us to simply test all of our products for the presence of glyphosate, and know right away which products we can continue selling, and which ones we cannot. Unfortunately, it is not so simple. We have to carefully consider how the product is produced or grown, and how likely a sample taken from a certain batch is to represent all products grown or produced by that supplier. If a product comes from a large company or supplier, just testing what we have in our inventory at any given time is no guarantee that this product will always test clean. This is especially true if the supplier is sourcing the product from many sources or many farms, and mixing it all together before packaging into retail sizes. Therefore, we need our suppliers to work with us in ensuring each sample that is tested is truly representative of a batch that can be traced directly back to the producer, ensuring that these producers are consistently producing and harvesting products that are testing clean from glyphosate. Some of our suppliers have expressed a willingness to work with us on this issue, some have not. Hence, we will be dropping some of our product lines because we cannot be reasonably sure that we are selling you products that are not contaminated with glyphosate, and we would rather sell no products at all than sell products that are contaminated, no matter how small that contamination may be.

Tropical Traditions to Phase Out USDA Organic Certification on its Products and Switch to “Healthy Traditions”

Tropical Traditions also announced that it will phase out the USDA certified organic certification on its privately labeled products by the end of 2015. In its place, they will be using the “Healthy Traditions” approval seals on their products, which currently includes: Traditionally Produced, GMO-tested, and Glyphosate-tested.

The Healthy Traditions standards are explained on the Healthy Traditions website:

The purpose of Healthy Traditions is to define the standards of healthy food and products we use when producing or choosing products to sell in our network. These are not new standards for us, but the same standards we have followed since 2002, when we first started shipping virgin coconut oil to the U.S. from the Philippines. Today’s certifications and labeling have become so watered-down and confusing, that we thought it was time to define our own standards, so that the consumer can better understand the commitment we have to high standards that promote a healthy lifestyle.

The goal of the Healthy Traditions project is to eventually develop a nationwide network of producers and suppliers that meet a higher standard than current USDA organic standards, which currently allow for glyphosate and other pesticide residues to be present. Healthy Traditions maintains a ZERO percentage tolerance for the presence of glyphosate, GMOs, and other herbicides and pesticides.

Tropical Traditions asked its customers to be patient as they go through the testing process to determine which products are at risk for glyphosate contamination, and which products are clean. They hope that consumers will appreciate the extra work they are putting in to develop their glyphosate-tested and GMO-tested programs. They are believed to be the only company currently testing products for the presence of glyphosate.

Their goal is that consumer demand for glyphosate-tested products will grow and encourage other companies and producers in North America to start testing their products for glyphosate as well.

Read this article and comment at HealthyTraditions.com.

Brian Shilhavy is the CEO of Tropical Traditions and the Editor of Health Impact News.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43836,"by Casey Luskin

Evolution News and Views

At the Center for Science & Culture’s Facebook page, a commenter asks how we would respond to a graphic that is making the Internet rounds, humorously imagining a dialogue between God and an angel. It’s a conversation about “intelligent design,” with the angel playing the role of the skeptic and challenging God to explain some puzzling human anatomical features. The short dialogue includes this exchange:

Angel: What about this weird bag thing?

God: That’s the appendix.

Angel: What does it do?

God: It explodes.

Angel: Really? That’s all?

God: Pretty much.

This is the stuff that urban legends are made of. The human appendix’s job isn’t to “explode.” In fact, it performs important immune functions. We’ve discussed this many times before here on ENV (see here, here, here, or here), but to reiterate, a 2007 news article stated:

The appendix “acts as a good safe house for bacteria,” said Duke surgery professor Bill Parker, a study co-author. Its location — just below the normal one-way flow of food and germs in the large intestine in a sort of gut cul-de-sac — helps support the theory, he said. Also, the worm-shaped organ outgrowth acts like a bacteria factory, cultivating the good germs, Parker said.

Additionally, Loren G. Martin, professor of physiology at Oklahoma State University, lists various likely functions for the appendix. Writing on Scientific American‘s website, he includes these examples:

being “involved primarily in immune functions”

“function[ing] as a lymphoid organ, assisting with the maturation of B lymphocytes (one variety of white blood cell) and in the production of the class of antibodies known as immunoglobulin A (IgA) antibodies.

helping with “the production of molecules that help to direct the movement of lymphocytes to various other locations in the body”

“suppress[ing] potentially destructive humoral (blood- and lymph-borne) antibody responses while promoting local immunity”

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.evolutionnews.org/2012/06/the_useless_app_1060521.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21914,"Did you know there is a fugitive from the U.S. Justice Department thriving openly in Denmark who created a fraudulent study used to eliminate autism claims from vaccines? His name is Poul Thorsen, and he is a psychiatrist who was contracted by the CDC to perform the notorious “Danish Study.” The Danish Study, published in 2003 by the journal Pediatrics asserted that autism rates in Denmark rose dramatically after mercury was no longer used in vaccines for children in the Netherlands, thus “proving” that there is no association with thimerosal (mercury) in vaccines to autism. The Danish Study became a major study quoted by the FDA, the IOM (The National Institute of Medicine) now renamed the National Academy of Medicine, and the CDC to “disprove” the dangers of thimerosal in vaccines and the MMR even without thimerosal. It became the cornerstone of all media and public denial of autism from vaccines. Even worse, it served as the legal basis for dismissing over 5,000 autism claims in The National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program or “Vaccine Court” in 2010, and totally removing autism claims from vaccine injuries completely.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33365,"By Sarah Shilhavy

Health Impact News

With cooler weather beginning, coffeehouse sales for hot drinks are starting to climb rapidly. They’re warm, comforting, give you the energy boost and endurance you need to get going in the morning and throughout the day.

However, these drinks are nearly always overpriced and usually made with unhealthy, highly processed ingredients such as corn syrup, processed white sugar, conventional dairy, or low quality coffee. While coffee has many health benefits according to several published studies, just realize that if you are drinking commodity coffee that is typically sold in most coffee shops which is not organic, that you are probably getting an unhealthy dose of pesticide cocktails as well with your rancid coffee.

Most of the fancy specialty drinks you’re buying while out and about and on the way to work can be easily mastered at home for less money and better ingredients. With the addition of a healthy coconut product such a coconut oil as used in the recipes below, you can enjoy a healthier drink with all the same energy boosting properties!

Buttery Breakfast Chai

Freshly brewed black tea gets blended with butter, coconut oil and a custom blend of spices and is ready to drink in just 5 minutes. The high fat content in this delicious drink and caffeine from the tea will keep you going for a long time!

Coconut Cinnamon Latté

This drink uses coconut cream concentrate for a fuller, “meatier” coconut flavor. Make this with coconut milk if you’re sensitive to dairy or want even more coconut flavor.

Coconut Cream Chocolate Latté

Lattés are probably the most ordered drink at coffeehouses, and they’re pretty easy to replicate at home. This recipe makes a large one person serving and can be customized to your taste by adding more or less of the coconut ingredients.

Coconut Latté

This recipe shows you how to make a basic latté flavored with coconut in coconut cream concentrate, coconut oil, and a coconut flavored syrup. To make your own flavored syrup, make a simple syrup (sugar and water) and add your favorite extract flavor.

Coconut Cream Hot Chocolate

This unique recipe uses coconut cream concentrate and a blend of cocoa, nutmeg, vanilla and honey to make a very quick and easy, healthy, delicious drink! You’ll be hooked and want to drink it everyday.

Coffee Heaven

Another very quick and easy drink, this recipe spices up your normal morning coffee with cocoa and coconut. You’re going to want to give it a try.

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[7]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [7]

[9]

[10]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32528,"The strength to feed the world

Growing more food faster requires sacrificing our future and produces only an illusion of abundance. By Amanda Kimble-Evans

Rodale Institute

Organic farmers and gardeners already witness every year the bountiful harvests possible when growing food in concert with nature. And anyone who supports their local organic growers at farmers’ markets can see first-hand the incredible productivity of land that has been nurtured and improved with organic practices. But these successes are constantly being dismissed by the larger agricultural industry as small-scale and insignificant in the face of our growing world population. It is estimated that by 2050 the global population will have grown 40 percent –these projected 9 billion people provides the urgency for Big Ag’s bigger, faster, better push.

Companies that stand to profit from a chaotic rush to growing more food faster in the short term are doing so at the expense of the very earth, air and water on which our food depends. Synthetic fertilizers have allowed us to ignore our degraded soils, toxic pesticides have poisoned our water, and human and environmental health has suffered. Biotech crops, while enormously productive in ideal conditions, cannot stand alone. Without herbicides, pesticides, fertilizers and irrigation, they falter and fail. “Basically, we’ve created an extraordinary illusion of abundance that really won’t be sustainable,” says Evan D. G. Fraser, Ph.D., co-author of Empires of Food and associate professor of geography at the University of Guelph.

When it comes down to it, despite chemical- and petroleum-reliant farming practices having the upper hand for over seventy years, we are still not “feeding the world.” There is promise on the horizon. What we can see on the small-scale bears out on a larger scale as well.

For 30 years the Rodale Institute Farming Systems Trial (FST) has been tracking the performance of organically grown grain crops (such as corn and soybeans) and conventional, chemical-reliant grain crops. Following the three years when the fields were being transitioned to organic production, the organic corn fields produced just as much food as the conventional fields. And while conventional growers are battling herbicide-resistant superweeds with bigger, bad-er chemicals, the FST organic crops hold their own against weeds producing just as much food as the conventional fields without the assistance of herbicide.

Another long-term research project out of Iowa mirrors the Rodale Institute work. A 12-year study of organic versus conventional methods found that after the transition period, organic corn and soybeans produced, on average, nearly identically amounts of food as the conventionally-managed plants. Corn and soybeans are more productive now than they were 15 years ago, but it has been traditional breeding and techniques that are to thank and not biotechnology according to the Union of Concerned Scientists.

The global food security community is also shifting swiftly in support of an organic approach. A new report from the United Nations announced agroecological farming methods could double global food production in just 10 years. Agroecological practices, like organic practices, attempt to mimic natural processes and rely on the biology of the soil and environment rather than synthetic sprays and other inputs.

“It is time to put to rest the debate about whether or not organic agriculture can make a substantial contribution to the food supply. It can, both locally and globally,” says Nadia El-Hage Scialabba, senior environmental officer at the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.

Doubling the amount of food produced on the planet with no increase in land, no magic genetically modified seeds, no toxic pesticides, herbicides, or synthetic fertilizers makes feeding 9 million mouths seem downright attainable. And the outlook could be even more optimistic. Although global population is on the rise, population in the developed world is actually on the downturn. Most of the growth is in the developing world. Switching to organic methods in communities where people struggle to feed themselves and their families can lead to a harvest 180 percent larger than that produced by conventional methods.

“Agriculture shouldn’t just feed the world’s growing population today, or tomorrow, but far into the foreseeable future,” says Jeff Moyer, farm manager at the Rodale Institute. By building and improving soil health, using cover crops and manure, encouraging biodiversity, and greatly minimizing synthetic inputs, Moyer says organic farmers are ensuring fertile soil in which to grow food 100 years out or more.

Instead of asking “how do we feed the world”, we should be asking “how can we help the world feed itself.” Even in the face of a rising global population, organic techniques provide a more secure, more stable and more sustainable food system whether in African villages, Iowan cornfields or suburban backyards.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.rodaleinstitute.org/20110620_the-strength-to-feed-the-world",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32713,"Of all the fresh fruits and vegetables available for sale in the United States, sweet, sun-kissed strawberries are the most likely to be contaminated with pesticide residues, according to EWG’s 2016 Shopper’s Guide to Pesticides in Produce. This year, for the first time strawberries top EWG’s Dirty Dozen list of produce with the highest amount of pesticide, even after you’ve washed them. Other dirty produce includes peaches, nectarines and apples – previously No. 1 for five years running.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22070,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

In this video interview with Angel Cook, she explains how a Texas CPS worker came into their home after the death of one of their adopted children, and misrepresented herself as a police detective, and then accused her of murdering her child, a charge that was later dismissed in a court of law.

CPS removed their other 7 children from the home, and they were subsequently mistreated and sexually abused while in Texas foster care.

Today, the Cooks have their children back, but they continue to fight against the abuses of CPS and the foster care system. Angel Cook and two of her sons have testified twice before legislative committees about the failings of CPS and the foster care system.

Although all charges were dropped against the parents for the death of their adopted son, who was allegedly abused and mistreated prior to coming into the Cook Family’s care, Angel Cook is now listed as a Child Abuser and can no longer get a job or visit her children in school. The social workers who knew about the mistreatment and sexual abuse of their children while in foster care remain on their jobs as social workers, and the foster parents who allegedly abused their children are still fostering other children.

According to WFAA News, the family was notified earlier this month (April 2015) that the Waxahachie Police Department was making a grand jury referral for aggravated sexual abuse of one of the children in the case. Police officials allegedly confirmed to WFAA that the cases were sent to the Ellis County District Attorney’s Office.

Full Story here.

Comment on this story at MedicalKidnap.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43877,"[1]

by Brian Thomas

Institute for Creation Research

Never before had the fossil of a flying insect been discovered in Carboniferous rocks, which are said to be over 300 million years old. But now, amazing impressions have been found in “sandstone with thin mudstone drapes,” according to a technical report. This fossil shows that fully developed flight features appeared suddenly in the fossil record, with no trace of gradual evolution.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.icr.org/article/6066/ [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24236,"by Cooking Up a Story [1]

[1]March 10, 2011 As the season begins to change to Spring, I’ve noticed a lot more attention being paid to the small farmer. Last week the New York Times ran a piece [2] on the growing interest of small farming with 20-30 year olds.

“Garry Stephenson, coordinator of the Small Farms Program at Oregon State University, said he had not seen so much interest among young people in decades. “It’s kind of exciting,” Mr. Stephenson said. “They’re young, they’re energetic and idealist, and they’re willing to make the sacrifices.”

Just yesterday Civil Eats published an article [3] about the recently released UN report, Agro-ecology and the Right to Food (PDF) [4].

“We won’t solve hunger and stop climate change with industrial farming on large plantations,” Olivier De Schutter, UN Special Rapporteur on the right to food and author of the report, said in a press release. “The solution lies in supporting small-scale farmers’ knowledge and experimentation, and in raising incomes of smallholders so as to contribute to rural development.”

And then today I saw, via twitter, the Top 5 Eco Career Opportunities [5] listed on Yahoo! News. Organic Farming placed in the number 2 spot!

To wrap, I’d like to share this video I came across today entitled “Love of Farming”. Made available by theNortheast Beginning Farmers Project [6], where you’ll hear from a variety of farmers express exactly what it is that drew them to farming in the first place and why they keep doing it. Very inspirational.

Do you see interest growing in your area? How? If you have any more stories or links to share – would love to read/see them.

Read the Full Article Here: http://cookingupastory.com/interest-in-small-farms-grows [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24892,"Full-Fat Dairy Linked to Lower Risk for Diabetes

by Dr. Mercola [1]

The number of people with type 2 diabetes equals 9.3 percent of the population of the U.S. or 29 million people.1This is an increase from the 2010 estimate of 26 million people. Another 86 million people have pre-diabetes, where their blood sugar is higher than normal but not high enough to be diagnosed with diabetes.

If those with pre-diabetes do not make changes to their diet and exercise habits, between 15 percent and 30 percent will develop diabetes within the next five years. These numbers are overwhelming when you consider the complications related to diabetes have an impact on the individual, the family and the workforce.

Diabetes [2] is a serious health condition with serious complications. Without consistent blood sugar control, excess glucose in your blood causes damage to your heart, blood vessels, kidneys, eyes, gums, teeth and neurological system.

Adults with diabetes experience greater risk for these conditions as reported by the American Diabetes Association using data from 2008 to 2012: 2

71 percent of individuals with diabetes were diagnosed with hypertension or high blood pressure

65 percent of people with diabetes were diagnosed with high cholesterol levels

Death from heart disease was 1.7 times greater than those without diabetes

Hospitalization for heart attack [3] was 1.8 percent higher than those without diabetes

was 1.8 percent higher than those without diabetes 28.5 percent of people over 40 years are diagnosed with diabetic retinopathy (eye disease) that may result in loss of vision

44 percent of all new cases of kidney failure is attributed to diabetes

Study Links Full-Fat Dairy to Lower Risk of Diabetes

The advice to eat low-fat foods and dairy products originated as far back as the late 1950s and early 1960s. A single research study performed by an economist proposed that high-fat diets were the cause of most heart disease, stroke and high cholesterol levels.3

Before that study, and since, other well-designed and peer-reviewed studies have refuted that evidence.

The American Heart Association, the American Cancer Society and the American Diabetes Association continue to advocate the use of a low-fat diet with fat-free or low-fat dairy products.4,5,6

However, a recent study published in the American Heart Association journal Circulation recommends something entirely different.7

Beginning in 1989 and continuing for the next two decades, researchers followed over 3,000 participants in a study linking full-fat dairy products with a reduced risk of diabetes and better weight-management outcomes.8

Researchers confirmed the health of the study participants using blood tests, questionnaires and current medications. Initially all participants were free of diabetes or pre-diabetes blood markers.

Researchers confirmed in two separate groups a reduced risk for developing diabetes when the participants consumed full-fat dairy products.

This study doesn’t prove a cause-and-effect relationship between full-fat dairy and a reduced risk of diabetes, but it does build on other studies that suggest full-fat dairy products [4] can help maintain weight and reduce the risk of diabetes.

Saturated Fats Linked to Better Health

Soon after the initial flawed research encouraging low-fat diets was published in the 1950s, President Eisenhower suffered a heart attack while in office. His doctors placed him on a very restricted low-fat, high-carbohydrate diet.

When he first had his heart attack his cholesterol was 165 and by the time he left office it had risen to 259.9

President Lyndon Johnson also suffered a heart attack, was placed on a low-fat diet and continued to suffer from ill health. Only after beginning to eat beef grown on his ranch did President Johnson’s cholesterol begin to normalize and his heart health improve.

Research study after study has continued to confirm what your body inherently knows to be true: saturated fats are not the evil foods they were once advertised to be.

Studies demonstrate that eating a diet high in healthy fats and low in non-vegetable carbs improves insulin sensitivity and fasting blood glucose,10 leads to better stabilization of A1C blood test in individuals who had diabetes,11and, in one study, also showed a reduction or elimination of medication to treat diabetes in 90 percent of the participants.12

Those are the benefits of eating healthy saturated fats for people with diabetes [5]. Other benefits include a reduction in appetite resulting in eating less and an easier time maintaining your weight.13

A great proportion of that weight loss is from visceral fat found in your abdominal cavity.14 Visceral fat increases your risk of diabetes, heart disease, breast cancer, colorectal cancer and dementia.

Diets higher in healthy saturated fats have demonstrated an increase in high-density lipoproteins (HDL) cholesterol, protecting the heart and blood vessels.15 16,17

How Dairy Can Contribute to Your Diet

It is important to note that you can get healthy saturated fats from a variety of sources, full-fat dairy products being one of them. However, it is also important to know that not all dairy products are created equally.

In the past, cows were raised on a farm and milked each morning and evening for the family’s meals. As more people sold their farms and moved into the cities, they brought their cows. The cows were housed in local distilleries built to make rum after an embargo on the import of Jamaican Rum.

Fed the by-product of grains from the manufacture of rum, the natural bacterial growth in the milk changed. The reduced quality of the milk was compounded by the dirty conditions in which the cows were kept and milked.

This was a time in history when typhoid was a common infection and the basic understanding of germs was still decades away, discovered by Louis Pasteur between 1860 and 1864.

It wasn’t until the early 1890s when Dr. Henry Coit was able to form the Medical Milk Commission that mandated the conditions under which milk was produced, called certified raw milk. This happened two years after the death of his son from contaminated milk.

At around the same time, Nathan Straus, who also lost a child to contaminated milk, lobbied hard for the pasteurization of milk products. Nathan Straus was a co-owner of R.H. Macy (later just Macy’s Department Stores) and Abraham & Straus.

He used his considerable influence and financial backing to subsidize the first of many depots where families could purchase low-cost pasteurized milk.

Problems With CAFO Milk

Today, most milk is produced in large concentrated animal feeding operations [6] (CAFOs) where the animals don’t receive sunlight, are fed genetically modified grains and soy products and stand in each other’s excrement. To stop as much infection from these conditions as possible, the animals are given antibiotics.

They are also given steroids to boost their milk production. Drinking milk produced under these conditions would be dangerous and, therefore, the milk must be pasteurized in order to be safe for consumption. Unfortunately, the process of pasteurization kills most of the healthy enzymes and nutrients.

The second ingredient in milk that’s purposefully removed is the butterfat, producing skim milk. Without butterfat your body can’t absorb the fat-soluble vitamins.

The butterfat is also the best source of preformed vitamin A. Manufacturers add a synthetic form of vitamin D to replace the vitamin D that is removed with butterfat. Although pasteurization was initiated to reduce the number of infections and illnesses from contaminated milk, the ability to produce clean milk [7] using better techniques now allows most countries in Europe to dispense raw milk in vending machines.

Differences Between Raw and Pasteurized Milk

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and Agriculture Department are adamant that raw milk will increase your risk of death and disease, but Europe is not experiencing this issue. In fact, research by Dr. Ted Beals found you are actually 35,000 times more likely to get sick from any other food than raw milk.18

Here’s another way of looking at the difference between raw milk and pasteurized products. The pasteurized product is heat treated to kill bacteria that is in the milk because of the conditions in which the cows live. So you are drinking milk loaded with dead bacteria. Although killed, the protein molecules of the bacteria are not removed.

Your body recognizes the foreign proteins and it increases the likelihood you’ll suffer from allergic response as your body prepares to fight. On the other hand, raw unpasteurized milk [8] produced under clean conditions from grass-fed cows contains whey protein that stabilizes those same fighting cells in your body and reduces the allergic effect that some people experience.

How to Increase Healthy Fats in Your Diet Plan

The message from the research is to increase the amount of healthy, saturated fats in your diet every day. Reduce the amount of non-vegetable carbohydrates each day and replace those with highly nutritious and always delicious foods higher in saturated fats.

Saturated fats, such as organic butter from grass-fed cows, virgin coconut oil and raw whole milk, provide your body and brain with the nutrients [9] needed for optimal health. They do not make you fat or increase your cholesterol levels. On the contrary, they help improve your cardiovascular health, reduce your appetite, help you maintain your weight and improve your insulin sensitivity.

In fact, your body cannot function optimally without saturated fats. These molecules are essential in the formation of cell membranes and as food for your brain. They also support your immune system and play an important role in the production and function of your hormones. Some examples of foods high in healthy fats include:

Avocados [10]

Organic, grass-fed meat

Raw, grass-fed dairy products

Raw nuts such as almonds, pecans and seeds.

Olives and Olive Oil

Coconut Oil [11]

Palm Oil

Unheated organic nut oils

Dark Chocolate

The real dietary villains are carbohydrates such as sugars, grains and fructose. Once metabolized in your body they may increase your triglycerides, inflammatory response and the amount of fat your body produces. Choosing these substances has led to rising numbers of people suffering from chronic illnesses, such as diabetes, heart disease and metabolic syndrome.

Should You Drink Milk?

Truth be told, many people should not consume dairy whether it is raw or pasteurized, as they are allergic to the milk proteins. Additionally, if you’re insulin resistant, you would likely be better off avoiding raw and pasteurized milk, as it contains the dairy sugar lactose, which can worsen insulin/leptin resistance.

However, if you are healthy and want to drink milk, raw milk from a high-quality source is generally superior in nutrition and flavor. It will also help to decrease the likelihood of insulin spikes from the milk sugar, courtesy of the thick layer of cream [12] on top.



Sources and References",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42231,"Just when you thought you could start to prepare for your holiday season, a lame duck Congress is about to “Scrooge” the public over vaccines and give a huge holiday bonus to drug companies. Your action is urgently needed to email and fax your two US Senators over the weekend and call them on Monday to demand the removal of three sections (3091, 3092 and 3093) from a “Christmas Tree Bill” called The 21st Century Cures Act, HR 34 that was just passed by the US House of Representatives. Here are some of the few that opposed the bill on the House floor:

The 21st Century Cures Act legislation was originally passed in the house last year on July 10, 2015 as HR 6. NVIC issued a press release on July 22, 2015 and Barbara Loe Fisher, NVIC Co-founder and President, released a referenced commentary in opposition to this proposed legislation in which she said,

“The 21st Century Cures Act is a drug company stockholder’s dream and a consumer’s worst nightmare,” said Barbara Loe Fisher, NVIC Co-founder and President. “Making experimental drugs quickly available for the sick and dying, who voluntarily choose to use them, is one thing but Congress should not be greasing the skids to license experimental vaccines that government will recommend and legally require healthy children and adults to use. It is a prescription for disaster.”

After passing the house in 2015, the legislation stalled. Many of the provisions of HR 6 were broken up into several smaller bills, but over the Thanksgiving holiday, the legislation was quickly reassembled into a new version including some sections from HR 6 and adding some new sections, amending them all onto bill HR 34. HR 34 was originally a bill that only addressed “Tsunami Warning, Education, and Research”, but was passed by the US House of Representatives on November 30th as an 824 page monstrosity!

ACTION NEEDED:

Over this weekend on Saturday December 3 rd and December 4th, FAX AND EMAIL your two US Senators demanding that they remove sections 3091, 3092, and 3093 from HR 34 , the 21 st Century Cures Act. See sample letter below.

On Monday December 5 th , CALL your two US Senators and ask to speak to the person who is in charge of HR 34, The 21 st Century Cures Act. Tell him/her that it is critical all 3 sections, 3091, 3092, and 3093, are removed because they fast track the approval of all vaccines and shield drug companies and vaccine administrators from liability for fetal injuries and deaths caused by vaccines marketed for and given to pregnant woman. Tell them that if this bill passes without these sections removed, you will be demanding that your state legislators REMOVE ALL VACCINE MANDATES from state law.

To find your US Senators and their contact information , register/login to the NVIC Advocacy Portal , Click on the “National” tab on the top of your home page. Your two U.S. Senators are listed on the right hand side. Click on their names for direct links to all of their contact information. You can also find US Senate contact information

Please FORWARD this email to your contacts asking them to help this weekend and Monday. This alert is also posted on the National Vaccine Information Center Facebook page and can be shared on social media.

SAMPLE FAX AND EMAIL

December 3, 2016

The Honorable FIRSTNAME LASTNAME

STREET ADDRESS

Washington, D.C. 20515

Dear Senator LASTNAME,

As a constituent of yours, I am writing to you for your assistance.

On Monday, December 5th, you will be asked to vote on HR 34, the 21st Century Cures Act. Please amend HR 34 to REMOVE Sections 3091, 3092, and 3093 from this bill prior to voting because they shield drug companies and vaccine administrators from liability for fetal injuries and deaths caused by vaccines marketed for and given to pregnant woman and they rush the regulatory approval process by fast tracking all new vaccines.

Please remove the following sections from HR 34:

SEC. 3091. PREDICTABLE REVIEW TIMELINES OF VACCINES BY THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON IMMUNIZATION PRACTICES – Page 302 and 303

SEC. 3092. REVIEW OF PROCESSES AND CONSISTENCY OF ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON IMMUNIZATION PRACTICES RECOMMENDATIONS – Page 303-305

These sections fast track and incentivize vaccines outside of the normal regulatory review and licensing process.

Fast tracking all vaccines is a terrible idea because:

SEC. 3093. ENCOURAGING VACCINE INNOVATION, VACCINES RECOMMENDED FOR USE IN PREGNANT WOMEN – Page 305 – 309

This section, which appeared originally in S.2742, includes a provision on pages 307- 309 that forces unborn babies injured or killed after maternal vaccination out of the courts and into the Federal Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP).

Established by Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300aa–11) in 1986, the VICP shields vaccine manufactures and vaccine administrators from most civil product liability. The U.S. Supreme Court declared vaccines to be “unavoidably unsafe” in 2011 and removed all product liability from FDA licensed vaccines.

Sec. 3093 (c) (3) adds ‘‘A covered vaccine administered to a pregnant woman shall constitute more than one administration, one to the mother and one to each child (as such term is defined in subsection (f)(2)) who was in utero at the time such woman was administered the vaccine.’’

It is unconscionable to absolve the manufacturer and vaccine administrator from liability for injuries and deaths when the vaccine is marketed to and administered to pregnant women and yet it is not tested by the vaccine manufacturer or approved as safe for use by the government by a “child in utero.”

Removing drug company and vaccine administrator liability for unborn babies should be removed from this bill because:

Vaccines aren’t adequately tested and approved as safe for use in pregnant women with respect to their unborn babies. In fact they are classified as Pregnancy Category B and C biologicals because it is not known whether the vaccines are genotoxic and can cause fetal harm or death. There are no sufficient studies looking at the health and the viability of a pregnant vaccinated woman’s baby before or after birth and comparing that information to women who do not get vaccinated while pregnant. Vaccine induced brain and body inflammation and chromosomal changes are not evaluated. See FDA Prepares to Fast Track New Vaccines Targeting Pregnant Women.

The government run Federal Vaccine Injury Compensation Program is already a miserable failure and should be repealed, not expanded to include unborn babies. See National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) Renews Call for End to Product Liability Shield for Vaccine Manufacturers.

Pregnant women are already being pushed to get Tdap and Flu Vaccines during pregnancy even though safety hasn’t been proven for the mother or baby. See Vaccine During Pregnancy: Is It Safe? With no threat of liability, there will be no end to the new vaccines that Pharma will target on pregnant women. Legislators should not be fooled into thinking that the task force in Section 2041 (see page 93-99) will provide any protection for unborn babies.

If sections 3091, 3092, and 3093 are not removed, VOTE NO on HR 34.

Sincerely,

YOUR NAME

YOUR STREET ADDRESS

YOUR CITY, STATE, ZIP

YOUR EMAIL

YOUR PHONE

ADDITIONAL CONCERNS:

These are just a few sections of this bill that should be removed. The bill is 824 pages long and there is not enough time to analyze other sections that could be problematic like NIH Innovation Projects to support the development of cancer vaccines in Section 1001 (Page 14); accelerating the development and innovation of medical countermeasures including vaccines in Sections 3084 (Pages 280-281) and Section 3085; and section 4002 on interoperability of electronic health records that could include immunization tracking systems and registries (Pages 327 – 362). If you have legislative, staff or lobbyist connections in Washington, please contact them asking for their assistance with this.

Comment

National Vaccine Information

http://NVIC.org and http://NVICAdvocacy.org

https://nvicadvocacy.org/members/Members/ContactUs.aspx

The National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) works diligently to prepare and disseminate our legislative advocacy action alerts and supporting materials. We request that organizations and members of the public forward our alerts in their original form to assure consistent and accurate messaging and effective action. Please acknowledge NVIC as originators of this work when forwarding to members of the public and like-minded organizations. To receive alerts immediately, register at http://NVICAdvocacy.org, a website dedicated to this sole purpose and provided as a free public service by NVIC.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24395,"[1]

Trout, by The Wild Center [2]

by Heidi Stevenson [1]

Gaia-Health.com [1]

Genetically modified salmon are more dangerous than anyone had realized. It’s now proven beyond doubt that they can interbreed with not only wild salmon, but also trout. Worse, the result is offspring that grow even faster than their parents and can outcompete them by a huge amount.

Genetically modified salmon, which the FDA is on the verge of approving, pose an unprecedented risk. As demonstrated by a new study, not only are these supposedly sterile fish capable of breeding, they can produce offspring with trout. The study’s authors wrote:

Through experimental crosses, we demonstrate transmission of a growth hormone transgene via hybridization between a candidate for commercial aquaculture production, GM Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar) and closely related wild brown trout (Salmo trutta). Transgenic hybrids were viable and grew more rapidly than transgenic salmon and other non-transgenic crosses in hatchery-like conditions. In stream mesocosms designed to more closely emulate natural conditions, transgenic hybrids appeared to express competitive dominance and suppressed the growth of transgenic and non-transgenic (wild-type) salmon by 82 and 54 per cent, respectively.[1]

Not only are these supposedly sterile frankenfish capable of breeding, but they can breed with trout to produce offspring that grow even faster than the GM salmon and out-compete natural salmon by an immense margin!

AquaBounty, the company that hopes to sell GM salmon, has claimed that these fish are no risk to the environment. They’ve said that the fish are sterile. That’s obviously untrue, and has been known since the early days of their development. Even if most of these frankenfish were sterile, a small percentage would still add up to millions of viable fish.

Their claim that there’s no risk of escaping into the wild becaue they keep them contained in locations far from oceans is also specious. First, there’s the fact that rivers lead to oceans. Second, they hope to sell these fish, or possibly the roe, to others—and there aren’t even any proposed regulations to limit where they can go. Thus, there is virtually nothing standing in the way of the release of GM salmon into the wild, wth the resultant devastation of the ecological system.

The author of the study, Krista B. Oke, tried to soften her results by saying:

I think currently what AquaBounty is proposing to do, it seems that their safeguards will be sufficient. You know, adequately prevent these kinds of risks. Where I think our work is more important would be if those regulations were weakened, which again I don’t know if anyone’s proposing to do right now, and AquaBounty certainly isn’t proposing to do, at the moment.

Perhaps that was necessary to get her study published—but what regulations is she referring to? Claims by AquaBounty do not equate with regulations!

In point of fact, as reported in the journal Nature[4]:

Following FDA approval, AquaBounty hopes to sell its salmon eggs to farmers and expand to markets in Argentina, Canada, Chile and China. To sell AquAdvantage fish in the United States, each farm would require separate FDA approval, but because the food safety of the fish has already been vetted, the approval process would require only an environmental evaluation

AquaBounty is in a precarious financial position. Public outcry against their frankenfish has resulted in approval delays, which are threatening their ability to survive. If their frankenfish gains the FDA’s approval, the company will have no choice but to market the eggs to other countries. The potential US income from the fish is simply not enough to keep the company solvent.

Therefore, there can be little question that, if these genetically engineered salmon are approved, they can be expected to escape into the wild. When they do, they’ll interbreed wtih wild trout, creating a hybrid that will outcompete both the native trout and salmon. Ultimately, the result could be an ecological crash.

Wonderful things can be done with science—but it can also be used to produce horrors. Witness Fukushima and the atomic bomb. Witness the utter destruction of Iraq and the killing of civilians with drones. Witness the universal surveillance of virtually everyone by the United States. Witness the destruction of soil and food quality by Agribusiness. Witness the horrors of factory farming. Just because it can be done does not mean it should. AquaBounty’s Frankenfish is one of those things. Our life support, Gaia, simply cannot handle more devastation.

Read the full article here: http://gaia-health.com/gaia-blog/2013-06-16/gm-salmon-breed-with-trout-create-superfish-study/ [1]

Sources:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32291,"In this video, Dr. Andrew Wakefield reveals that with the “measles outbreak” in Wales back in 2013, records showed there was only one single laboratory confirmed case of measles in March, down from three cases in February.

He also shows proof that he was not the first scientist to show the link between autism and the MMR vaccine, as has been widely reported. In fact, there were so many reported cases of the MMR vaccine being linked to autism prior to 1998, that Dr. Wakefield’s article published in the Lancet was “late” in reporting what was already widely known.

Dr. Wakefield also sets the record straight on the recent N.Y. Times article that praised Dr. Maurice Hilleman, the pioneer vaccine researcher who worked for Merck, regarding the mumps vaccine. (See our earlier story on Dr. Hilleman and the polio vaccine which spread cancer here.) The MMR vaccine, according to statistics provided by the US CDC and British Health Authorities, increases the risk of infertility and testicular cancer more than any other vaccine.

Starting at 10:44 in the video, Dr. Wakefield reveals the fraud and corruption behind the MMR vaccine that allowed it to gain such a wide market in the U.S. and around the world. It will shock you!

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32462,"By Rep. John Conyers Jr. and Michael Shank

Roll Call

Excerpts:

This year, food security is set to suffer another big setback, and the culprit could not be cuter: honeybees. Last winter, America’s beekeeping industry lost nearly half of all its bee colonies. And the numbers keep falling. Last summer, in the largest bee kill on record, more than 50,000 bumblebees were killed in Oregon as a direct result of exposure to an insecticide applied to trees for cosmetic purposes.

The killing has gotten so bad that people are calling it a beepocalypse. This is a serious situation. One-third of the food produced in North America depends on pollination by our honeybees. Nearly 100 varieties of fruits depend on honeybee pollination, from almonds (which are California’s third-largest export) to avocados to apples to cranberries.

If America loses the bees, our country will lose these industries as well, the result of which would be a serious blow to our economic and food security. The annual economic value of pollinators, including honeybees, is $$190 billion globally and $$20 billion to $$30 billion in agricultural production in the United States.

This devastating trend is not unique to the United States, however. Earlier last year, the European Union ratcheted up its emergency response to the dying bee population, suspending for two years the use of neonicotinoids — insecticides initially developed by Shell and Bayer and largely responsible for the beepocalypse — on its agricultural crops.

The EU understands the scientific link between systemic neonicotinoid insecticides and the rapid decline of pollinators and pollinator health. That is no longer the question. It’s now purely a question of political will.

America, then, must act fast if we want to save our bees, our food and our economic productivity.

Read the Full Commentary Here.

Free Shipping Available for this book on sustainable gardening!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17284,"Glyphosate, often sold under the brand name “Roundup,” is the most widely used weed killer in the U.S. Glyphosate is a “non-selective herbicide,” which means it kills many plants, not just weeds. It kills them by interfering with the production of critical proteins necessary for growth. In commercial agriculture, Roundup is used on “Roundup Ready” crops—crops that have been genetically modified to resist the powerful toxic effects of glyphosate. The list of Roundup Ready crops includes soy, corn, canola and sugar beets. It is important to remember that, while these plants have been modified to resist the harmful effects of glyphosate, the people and animals that eat them have not. In a series of articles, my colleague Anthony Samsel and I have been exploring the connection between glyphosate and a number of diseases, including multiple sclerosis, autism, Alzheimer’s disease, and cancer. In our most recent article, “Glyphosate Pathways to Modern Diseases VI: Prions, Amyloidoses and Autoimmune Neurological Diseases,” we present evidence that glyphosate has made its way into several widely used vaccines. We describe how the glyphosate residue contained in vaccines might induce the kind of autoimmune responses typically observed in autism. Interestingly, of all the vaccines we tested, MMR stood out as consistently having the highest level of glyphosate contamination. This fact may help explain why the MMR vaccine, which contains neither mercury nor aluminum, has been implicated so often in vaccine injury and autism. My research leads me to believe that synergistic toxicity between glyphosate and vaccines, particularly MMR, is a major factor in the growing autism epidemic.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32998,"By Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

What if the very GM agricultural system that Monsanto claims will help to solve the problem of world hunger depends on a chemical that kills the very pollinator upon which approximately 70% of world’s food supply now depends?

A new study published in the Journal of Experimental Biology titled, “Effects of field-realistic doses of glyphosate on honeybee appetitive behavior,” establishes a link between the world’s most popular herbicide – aka Roundup – and the dramatic decline in honeybee (Apis mellifera) populations in North American and Europe that lead to the coining of the term ‘colony collapse disorder‘ (CCD) in late 2006 to describe the phenomena.[1]

The researchers found that concentrations of glyphosate (GLY) consistent with the type of exposures associated with standard spraying practices in GM agricultural- and neighboring eco- systems reduced the honeybee’s sensitivity to nectar reward and impaired their learning abilities – two behavioral consequences likely to adversely affect their survival abilities. Moreover, while sub-lethal doses were not found to overtly affect their foraging behavior, they hypothesized that because of their resilience, “..forager bees could become a source of constant inflow of nectar with GLY traces that could then be distributed among nest mates, stored in the hive and have long- term negative consequences on colony performance.”

A Deeper Look at the New Study: Roundup Interferes with Bee Appetite and Learning

Roundup herbicide is a ubiquitous toxicant, with an accumulating body of research now showing it is a common contaminant in our air, water, rain, soil and food, and in physiologically relevant concentrations (even the part-per-trillion concentration range demonstrates endocrine disruptive and potentially carcinogenic properties) to microbial, insect, animal and human life.

When Roundup herbicide was first evaluated for toxicity to the honeybee, the focus was on acute toxicity of the ‘active ingredient’ and not sub-lethal and prolonged exposure effects; and certainly not the amplified toxicological synergies present in glyphosate formulations like Roundup, which when the so-called ‘inert’ adjuvant ingredients (e.g. surfactants) are taken into account, have been found to be at least 125 times more toxic than glyphosate alone. By only taking into account acute toxicity – as measured by the so-called LD50 (lethal dose, 50%) – on the ‘active’ ingredient, government regulators approved glyphosate as relatively harmless to honeybees prematurely.

The researchers expanded on the topic:

“Glyphosate [GLY] toxicity tests on Apis mellifera for product approval did not consider sub-lethal nor prolonged exposure effects. Studies were only focused on obtaining LD50 (lethal dose, 50%) as a measure of the effect of an acute exposure, but nevertheless, they were carried out on the basis that honeybees might in fact be exposed to GLY in their natural environment, either through the consumption of contaminated resources or through a direct exposure as a result of inadvertent spraying (Giesy et al., 2000). Even though LD50 results seem to indicate that GLY is not harmful for honeybees, the fact that honeybees are potentially exposed to GLY motivated us to pursue further analysis and to address the lack of chronic studies.”

The authors of the new study set out to test whether doses of glyphosate bees would realistically encounter in the field (field-realistic doses) could affect their feeding behavior (appetitive behavior) in a deleterious manner.

They exposed honeybees to field-realistic doses of glyphosate chronically and acutely, and observed: “a reduced sensitivity to sucrose and learning performance for the groups chronically exposed to GLY concentrations within the range of recommended doses,” as well as significant decrease in elemental learning, non-elemental associative learning, and short-term memory retention, when exposed to acute GLY doses.

Roundup Already Identified As Likely Cause of Colony Collapse Disorder

This latest study is not the first to link glyphosate to the vanishing honeybee.

Extensive research on the topic performed by Dr. Don D. Huber and summarized in an article published last year titled, “Is glyphosate a contributing cause of bee colony collapse disorder (CCD)?,” lead him to conclude that the 880 million pounds of glyphosate released into the environment worldwide has been contributing to the collapse of the honeybee. The paper revealed the following six ways that glyphosate could contribute to CCD:

Glyphosate chelates minerals, lowers nutrients in plants: In CCD, Malnutrition is universally present.

Glyphosate acts like an antibiotic to beneficial bacteria : In CCD, loss of Lactobacillus and other critical beneficial bacteria for digestion is commonly observed.

Glyphosate is a neurotoxin : In CCD, honeybees experience neurological changes associated with disorientation.

Gyphosate causes endocrine hormone & immune disruption : In CCD, immunity and other hormonal variables are altered or suppressed.

Glyphosate stimulates fungal overgrowth : In CCD, the fungal pathogen Nosema increases.

Glyphosate persists and accumulates: High environmental exposure, including glyphosate residues present in honey, nectar and other plant products, make honeybees susceptible to continual toxic challenge — which is believed to be a primary underlying cause of CCD.

Other Factors Contributing to Colony Collapse

While it is now increasingly acknowledged that many agrochemicals pesticides — especially neonicotinoids — are toxic to honeybees, there are other factors that likely play a role as well:

It should be pointed out that the last factor listed – infectious organisms – are likely more a symptom than a cause of honeybee morbidity and mortality. In other words, following electromagnetic, agrochemical and dietary assault, the immune system of the honeybee – and the collective immunity of the hive – weakens, leading to greater susceptibility to opportunistic infections.

One USDA study published in 2013 discussed the role of fungicidal contaminants in pollen leading to increased probability of Nosema fungal infection in bees who consumed pollen with a higher fungicide load.[3]

This linkage between chemical exposure > immune suppression, > opportunistic infection, is especially poignant when it comes to Roundup herbicide, which profoundly alters the makeup of the beneficial flora in exposed organisms, leading to the overgrowth of pathogenic bacteria. A 2012 PloS study found that lactic acid bacteria living in the crop (the part of the bee’s alimentary canal that stores food prior to digestion) of bees are vitally important for the health of honeybees, with some strains suggesting a history of association with bees stretching over 80,000,000 years ago. Various chemical are capable of damaging this vitally important locus for the honeybee’s immunity and digestion, and are likely exerting their adverse effects through sublethal, hard to detect mechanisms.

Why Does Monsanto Own Beelogics, ‘The Guardian of Bee Health Worldwide’?

On Sept. 28th, 2011, Monsanto announced that it was acquiring the company Beeologics, whose explicit goal is to become “the guardian of the bee health worldwide,” including finding ways to address CCD.

Here is their mission statement:

“Beeologics LLC is an international firm dedicated to restoring bee health and protecting the future of honey bee pollination. Beeologics’ mission is to become the guardian of bee health worldwide. Through continuous research, scientific innovation, and a focus on applicable solutions, Beeologics is developing a line of RNAi-based products to specifically address the long-term well being of honey bees, including the control of parasites and how they’re involved in Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD).”

A classical problem-solution approach, Monsanto creates a problem – a systemic herbicide intended to ‘save the world’ from hunger as part of its GMO Roundup-ready proprietary production system that actually destroys the pollinators required to maintain our global food supply – and then capitalizes on a GM solution on the backend, with patented RNA interference ‘solutions’ intended to, again, ‘save the world’ from hunger.

Read the full article here.

References

[1] Dennis vanEngelsdorp, Diana Cox-Foster, Maryann Frazier, Nancy Ostiguy, and Jerry Hayes (5 January 2006). “Colony Collapse Disorder Preliminary Report”. Mid-Atlantic Apiculture Research and Extension Consortium (MAAREC) – CCD Working Group. p. 22. Retrieved 2007-04-24.

[2] Peng Han, Chang-Ying Niu, Antonio Biondi, Nicolas Desneux. Does transgenic Cry1Ac + CpTI cotton pollen affect hypopharyngeal gland development and midgut proteolytic enzyme activity in the honey bee Apis mellifera L. (Hymenoptera, Apidae)? Ecotoxicology. 2012 Nov ;21(8):2214-21. Epub 2012 Aug 7. PMID: 22868904

[3] Jeffery S Pettis, Elinor M Lichtenberg, Michael Andree, Jennie Stitzinger, Robyn Rose, Dennis Vanengelsdorp. Crop Pollination Exposes Honey Bees to Pesticides Which Alters Their Susceptibility to the Gut Pathogen Nosema ceranae. PLoS One. 2013 ;8(7):e70182. Epub 2013 Jul 24. PMID: 23894612



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32618,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

The Rembis family in Texas is rejoicing and giving glory to God. Family court Judge Cyndi Wheless has ruled that the CPS case against them is dismissed. Their children are home, and there are no more “hoops” to jump through to prove that they are good parents for their 11 homeschooled children.

There was a court hearing on August 31, but the case remained open after the hearing, over concerns that CPS didn’t know what the “educational status” of the children was. Then, the judge issued a ruling, “after considering the testimony at trial of the investigator from Montague County and the testimony of the lawyers regarding the status of the kids being healthy and happy.”

Case dismissed.

Claire Rembis says that they got the news on Monday, and she is still stunned that the whole nightmare ordeal is over.

I feel free, but I am still shocked! Is this really closed? I feel vulnerable. The case is closed completely, but look what we had to go through.

Their whole nightmare ordeal began when Claire, formerly of Plano, Texas, had an acute attack of pancreatitis and had to be hospitalized for 3 days. Two church members from a church their oldest son had previously attended said that they stopped by the house to “help.” Instead, they decided to report the family to CPS because the 2 oldest boys, ages 16 and 14, were left in charge of their siblings while their father William took the baby (7 weeks old at the time) to visit Claire in the hospital.

See story here:

Rather than coming home to recuperate, the mother of 11 came home to have Child Protective Services drop in to take all of their children. The removal was reportedly illegal, and the children were returned after several days, but not without a heavy tapestry of strings attached. Many services were court-ordered, the sheer volume of which any parent would find intimidating.

Meanwhile, the family had to find a new place to live after an officer present during the seizure of the children made unfounded allegations to the landlord of their home about the family violating their lease.

It is not an easy thing to find a suitable home on short notice that will accommodate such a large family, but the family says that God miraculously provided a wonderful home the very weekend that they had to be out of their old house. The new house is in a different county, which ended up being very good for the family.

New Allegations Surface – Possibly From an Insider for Harassment

About 2 weeks before the last court hearing, new allegations came to the surface. Claire says that she learned that some of the new allegations appeared to be a copy and paste of previous allegations which had already been demonstrated to be unfounded.

Others were completely absurd: it was alleged that she had KNIVES in a drawer in her kitchen. The kids could possibly get to them, CPS feared. But, the truth of the matter is that, while every other home in America probably does have knives in a kitchen drawer, the Rembis home does not. The knives are kept in a wooden block that is pushed to the back of the counter top, safely out of reach of little hands.

Claire and William were told that the new allegations appear to have come from someone with an agenda, in order to harass them. They report that they were also being harassed by their social worker Jennifer Matthews, who was allegedly fired from CPS recently after she was removed from their case.

It is unknown who the new allegations came from, but a new investigator from the new county came to the new house to investigate the allegations.

CPS Subpoenas New Investigator – Not What They Expected

The hearing last week took place in Collin County, where the Rembis family used to live, with all of the former players. The anomaly was the new CPS investigator from Montague County, where the Rembis family currently resides. Claire reports that one of her supporters described the attorneys, Guardian Ad Litems, CPS workers, etc, as “all frothing at the mouth” as they brought accusation after allegation about the children’s education and so on. When the new investigator that CPS had subpoenaed got on the stand, William Rembis reports that he testified that all of the children denied any abuse or neglect in his conversations with him, and stated:

I have no concerns about this family.

Reportedly, the Family Services worker rolled her eyes, and an Attorney Ad Litem’s face turned red. The judge inquired how any of the concerns presented by CPS affect the safety of the children, when CPS workers themselves admitted that the children were happy and healthy.

Claire sent this message to her friends:

2 weeks ago someone called in a false report – new allegations. The investigator spent about 4 hours with our family, including private interviews with the kids. Of course the allegations were unfounded. CPS subpoenaed him to testify on their behalf. Little did they know that he spoke very highly of our family. My husband said that the CPS folks were giving him dirty looks while he was praising us! Turns out, that terrifying experience for us turned into a blessing in the end! Finally, a CPS investigator that wasn’t corrupt. A county that isn’t corrupt.

However, as previously reported, the case was not dismissed, pending “educational assessments” and another weight check of baby Enoch. The homeschooling of the children was being challenged as a basis for keeping the family in the CPS system.

Claire says that she was overjoyed to learn this week that Judge Wheless decided to dismiss the case.

CPS Harm Remains: Children are Traumatized

Though they are thankful that the case is over, the trauma that the family has experienced is not. The children have reportedly lost some of their innocence. They no longer have the security of the childlike faith that their daddy can protect them from anything, because they saw that, against the monster of Child Protective Services, their strong daddy was powerless.

The fears of the children are triggered by simple things like the ringing of the doorbell. They are afraid of the police now. Their parents have taught them that the police are the good guys, but the children no longer trust that. They are fearful that any police officer they see works with CPS and will take them away from their parents.

Some of the children have been having nightmares, and cry out in the night from dreams “that I was in the foster home.” They come to their parents room in the middle of the night, scared.

They are also terrified whenever they see anyone out in public that reminds them of Jennifer Matthews. She is the person that Claire reports her children fear most. Jennifer was the one who was banging on the door to take them away, and who was looking into their bedroom windows. When the children see someone who looks like the social worker, they immediately think that the person is a bad person.

Cinderella never had problems with anxiety before, but now she is reportedly panicking and having tummy aches, asking for her parents to pray for her because she is so afraid.

Claire – the System Needs to Be Changed

One thing that Claire says that she takes away from all the ordeal that they have been through is the recognition that the judges rely on the people within the system – the Guardian Ad Litems, social workers, attorneys, etc. – to give them good information. Also, many times the attorneys fail to present information that is needed to tell their clients’ side of the story. In the first hearing with the Rembis family, their side was only given about 20 minutes for testimony, while the CPS side took up most of the day.

I realize that these judges are only going to hear what these workers or investigators tell them. If they are only hearing from corrupt workers, then that affects their rulings. She [Judge Wheless] was doing the best she could with the information she had. The most incredible, fair judge still has to rule with the information they have, and some of these people [social workers, GALs] lie under oath. It was good that we have the judge that we have.

She says that the judge rebuked the social workers for investigating calls that were clearly harassment calls, asking why they even brought the allegations to court when it was obvious that they knew that the calls were harassment. This is reportedly not in accordance with protocol, but they did it. Claire continues:

It is really important that now we find ways to change the system.

“We Saw Miracles”

Now that they have experienced something they say that no family should ever have to go through, Claire says that she wants to help other families. She believes strongly in the power of prayer, and credits God with bringing the victory to her family.

The stuff in the Bible – you don’t really think you’re going to see that stuff today. But we’ve been seeing miracles – like parting-the-sea miracles. God’s still doing it! See, God used that terrifying ordeal FOR GOOD! His promises are true. God is not a liar. The Bible is TRUTH.

Comment on this article on MedicalKidnap.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32672,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Voters in Oregon and Colorado will soon decide if genetically modified foods should be required to carry a label informing consumers that they are buying GMOs. If you live in either Oregon or Colorado, click on the appropriate Right to Know logo above to get more information.

GMO seed companies and processed food companies have spent millions of dollars on negative campaigning in each of these two states to try and prevent these ballet measures from passing.

Here is some information from FoodDemocracyNow:

Big Chem is going all in!!

DuPont – the giant chemical corporation – dumped a whopping $$7.46 MILLION into the GMO labeling fight this week – $$4.46 million in Oregon and $$3 million in Colorado!

into the GMO labeling fight this week – $$4.46 million in Oregon and $$3 million in Colorado! Already Monsanto has spent more than $$8.1 million in Oregon and Colorado to prevent common sense labeling initiatives from being passed into law.

in Oregon and Colorado to prevent common sense labeling initiatives from being passed into law. These companies – combined with Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, and the rest of their agrochemical friends – have spent a whopping $$30+ MILLIONto defeat GMO labeling.

DuPont’s massive donation shattered the record for making the single largest contribution to a political campaign in Oregon history!

Thanks to the support of grassroots activists like you, we’re still neck and neck in recent polls. But with our margins tightening every day, and voting already under way in Colorado and Oregon, we cannot afford to waste a single moment.

That’s right, these 5 corporations are leading the pack to deceive voters by dumping in a stunning $$30 MILLION to silence our voices and keep GMOs unlabeled on our tables. In Oregon, Monsanto, DuPont and Friends have already dumped more than $$16.5 million to defeat Measure 92, while pouring another $$14.3 million to defeat of Colorado’s Prop 105.

The real question is – What are they so desperate to HIDE?



We saw this in Washington in 2013 and California in 2012 – Monsanto, DuPont and the rest of their Big Food friends will stop at absolutely nothing in their disinformation campaign to defeat GMO labeling. They’ll lie to and confuse voters in misleading TV ads airing every single day if it means preventing GMO labeling from becoming law.

We can’t let them win! A victory at the ballot boxes for labeling would be a historic moment for our GMO labeling movement. We could see a wave of similar labeling measures roll across the entire nation – but only if we’re able to fight back now and deliver a crushing blow to Monsanto.

Sources:

1. “New $$4.46 million donation to anti-GMO-labeling campaign breaks Oregon record for spending by one side”, Oregon Live, October 24, 2014.

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/1342? t=21&akid=1393.258044.skGXyy

2. “Pro-GMO labeling campaign hugely outspent in Colorado and Oregon ballot”, UK Guardian, October 24, 2014.

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/1343? t=23&akid=1393.258044.skGXyy

3. “Voter Turnout May Tip The Scales”, October 16, 2014

http://action. fooddemocracynow.org/go/1340? t=25&akid=1393.258044.skGXyy",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24586,"Comments by Brian Shilhavy

In this video from Specialty Health, you can listen to a panel discussion with five medical doctors, Gary Taubes, and Robb Wolf regarding the problem of insulin resistance and the damaging effects of a high carbohydrate diet on Alzheimer’s Disease, and how coconut oil can be effective in treating Alzheimer’s Disease.

The doctors in the video are:

Dr. James Greenwald, Medical Director of Specialty Health. Dr. James Greenwald is board certified in orthopedic surgery and has over 30 years of experience in the orthopedic field. Early in his career, he specialized in knee, shoulder, ankle, and trauma injuries. He has served as the team physician for the University of Nevada football and baseball teams for many years.

Dr. Gary Anderson, vascular health, board certified, and a member of the American Board of Lipidology. He has worked as a physician in nursing homes for over 35 years. In this video he discusses the problem of “polypharmacy,” the problem of too many drugs being used in nursing homes, as a cause of dementia.

Dr. Peter Attia, is a former McKinsey & Company consultant, surgeon, engineer, calculus teacher and an author of numerous medical and research papers.

Dr. Tara Dall, member of the American Board of Lipidology.

Dr. Malcolm D. Bacchus, a board certified neurologist.

Also appearing:

Gary Taubes, science journalist and author of best-selling books “Good Calories, Bad Calories” and “Why We Get Fat.”

Robb Wolf, author of the best-selling book “The Paleo Solution.”

Dr. Greenwald is the moderator of the panel discussion, so we don’t really hear much from him regarding his views on the problems with insulin and the high carbohydrate diet, or coconut oil, in regards to Alzheimer’s. But since he is the one who organized and moderates the discussion, it’s pretty clear where his views are on these topics (positive).

Dr. Gary Anderson

The discussion starts, appropriately enough, with Dr. Anderson, since he has worked in nursing homes for over 35 years and fought to make meals for the elderly more nutritious, with less refined carbohydrates. Having seen literally thousands of patients with Alzheimer’s and dementia, Dr. Anderson sees the end result of poor dietary choices as well as the devastating effects of elderly people being on so many drugs, often 30 or more different medications at one time. He sees this as a contributing factor in dementia.

He is currently trying to work with nursing home dietitians and administrators to change their menus and remove a lot of the excess carbohydrates that cause insulin resistance and is a contributing factor in dementia. He is also working with family members and caregivers to encourage them to incorporate coconut oil into the diet of those suffering from Alzheimer’s. He currently has one relative on coconut oil that is seeing benefits, and he wants to take one wing of the current nursing home he is working at and start supplementing them with two tablespoons of coconut oil (with the family’s permission) a day. He mentions in the video that the University of Chicago stated that Alzheimer’s and dementia would eventually bankrupt our country back in 1978, and the problem is much worse today, suggesting that the traditional medical approach has failed.

Dr. Peter Attia

Next, Dr. Attia weighs in on the ketonic effect of medium chain fatty acids, in answer to a question as to why coconut oil “works” with Alzheimer’s. Gary Taubes suggests that it is the ketones, and Dr. Attia gives an overview on how medium chain fatty acids work. Dr. Attia does make one slight mistake when he states that medium chain fatty acids are present in abundance in both coconut oil and palm oil. That is true for coconut oil, but not palm oil. Palm kernel oil, which is different from palm oil, is high in the medium chain triglycerides/fatty acids (MCT). But palm kernel oil is made from the endosperm of the palm oil fruit, not the fruit itself which is used to make palm oil. Palm kernel oil is largely unavailable as a dietary oil.

One interesting comment by Dr. Attia (which Robb Wolf also agreed) regarding his own experience in using MCTs is that the ketogenic effect is often seen with those who continue a high carbohydrate diet. I have seen this also. In one of our testimonies that we published, the daughter of the parent emailed me about her positive experience, and told me how she was “sneaking” the coconut oil into her parent’s diet. She was using a lot of refined sugar (which we subsequently had a discussion about – and she thanked me), and yet was still seeing positive results.

Gary Taubes

Next, Gary Taubes talked about the principles of the ketogenic diet, and referenced one clinical trial done at the University of Cincinnati that induced ketosis from diet, through carbohydrate restriction, and saw positive results in patients with cognitive impairment. He then discussed the long history (over 70 years) of the ketogenic diet in relation to epilepsy. The ketogenic diet has a history of completely halting seizures in children when drugs do not work.

Curiously, Mr. Taubes put forth the idea that it may not be ketones that work in many of these cases, but simply carb restriction, and he referenced a study at Harvard that supposedly showed this among childhood epilepsy. Apparently the study used only a low glycemic diet that did not induce ketosis. He then said it could be a similar situation with Alzheimer’s, apparently ignoring Dr. Attia and Robb Wolf’s experiences (and mine as well – although I wasn’t there!) that coconut oil produces these results even on a high carb diet in some situations.

Dr. Tara Dall

Dr. Dall speaks next, and I believe there is a separate video from Specialty Health covering more of her comments. In this section she discusses the cost factor of caring for Alzheimer’s patients, bringing out the point that we have much cheaper alternatives to expensive medical procedures and expensive drugs, that are related to diet and insulin resistance. She doesn’t think that expensive screenings at age 30 are worth it, since it is not dealing with the problem.

Dr. Malcolm D. Bacchus

Dr. Bacchus speaks next, and he apparently is someone who treats a lot of Alzheimer’s patients, especially at late stages. He states that by the time he sees patients with Alzheimer’s, that it is too late, and most drugs are not effective. He talks about how much of the current research on prevention is centered around costly medical procedures, and I actually reported a story on one of these new procedures that apparently only benefits the medical business, and not the patient (see: New Alzheimer’s Imaging Test Provides NO Benefits, Only Profits for Drug Companies). He also discusses how medical research for Alzheimer’s is currently looking at genetic patterns that present risk factors, and that there is a plan for developing an Alzheimer’s vaccine (see: Obama Spending Your Tax Dollars to Develop an Alzheimer’s Vaccine in Colombia). These areas of “prevention” are very speculative with no proven benefits (see: Harvard Medical School To Be Tried for Alzheimer’s Research Fraud) and are very costly.

Robb Wolf

Robb Wolf speaks next and talks about how incredibly costly it is for all of these expensive procedures, with very little efficacy. He states that return on the investment in medical care for Alzheimer’s is horrible, and is bankrupting our country. And yet we have simple low cost dietary solutions that medical institutions and academic centers are unwilling to even try.

Conclusion

This is a great video with some very knowledgeable medical doctors and nutrition experts that are not tied in financially to the pharmaceutical system, and give solid evidence to the low carbohydrate diet and coconut oil for Alzheimer’s and dementia. As the leading publisher of coconut oil news on the Internet, every week I see stories and user forums where medical doctors and other medical professionals are asked about the effects of coconut oil on Alzheimer’s, and their response is almost like a script. It usually goes something like this: “There is no science or long-term studies done on coconut oil to prove these claims, therefore we cannot recommend it.” It breaks my heart to think that people caring for loved ones with this tragic disease are unnecessarily being discouraged from even trying something that is so readily available and completely natural with virtually no risk. The anecdotal evidence is strong, and there is much science regarding the dangerous effects of insulin resistance through a carbohydrate diet, as well as the benefits from ketosis. This video is so refreshing, and so welcome. I hope it is viewed and shared as much as possible. Please share this with everyone you know who is touched by Alzheimer’s or dementia! (Buttons at the top for social media.)

See Also: New Alzheimer’s Drugs Continue to Fail Where Coconut Oil Shines

Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease

A Holistic Guide to Geriatric Care – eBook

In this book we look at the problems and causes of Alzheimer’s as they are related to an epidemic of prescription drugs being marketed to seniors, and we look at the strong evidence for dietary intervention, starting with coconut oil.

We bring you the stories of 10 different families who saw Alzheimer’s lessened or reversed by adding coconut oil to their diet, which is representative of thousands of others who are experiencing similar results. We offer guidelines on usage and types of coconut oil to consider, as well as other non-drug tips for holistic geriatric care.

Our target audience is the millions of caregivers out there loving caring for our senior population who will find it difficult to get this information from their doctors or medical professionals not trained in these areas.

Read Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease on your mobile device!

$$1.99

About the author: Unlike many people who write about coconut oil by simply reading about it, Brian Shilhavy actually lived in a coconut producing area of the Philippines for several years with his family, observing firsthand the differences between the diet and health of the younger generation and those of his wife’s parents’ generation still consuming a traditional diet. This led to years of studying Philippine nutrition and dietary patterns first hand while living in a rural farming community in the Philippines. Brian is the author of the best-selling book: Virgin Coconut Oil: How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!

Read the Virgin Coconut Oil Book on Your Mobile Device!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24344,"If you’re struggling with sleep deprivation, you may be tempted to try anything to get some quality sleep.But you may want to think twice before filling a prescription for sleeping pills, as they not only fail to address the underlying reasons why you can’t sleep, but new research shows they’re linked to a nearly four-fold increase in the risk of death, along with increased cancer risks.

Would You Risk Your Life for a Good Night’s Sleep?

Most would not knowingly put their life on the line, but you may be doing just that if you take sleeping pills.

Research involving data from more than 10,500 people who received drugs for poor sleep (hypnotics) showed that “as predicted, patients prescribed any hypnotic had substantially elevated hazards of dying compared to those prescribed no hypnotics” and the association held true even when patients with poor health were taken into account — and even if the patients took fewer than 18 pills in a year.

The study suggested that those who take such medications are not only at higher risk for certain cancers, but are nearly four times more likely to die than people who don’t take them.

Sleeping pills linked to these risks included benzodiazepines (such as temazepam), non-benzodiazepines (such as Ambien, Lunesta, and Sonata), barbiturates, and sedative antihistamines.

The researchers concluded:

“Receiving hypnotic prescriptions was associated with greater than threefold increased hazards of death even when prescribed <18 pills/year. This association held in separate analyses for several commonly used hypnotics and for newer shorter-acting drugs. Control of selective prescription of hypnotics for patients in poor health did not explain the observed excess mortality.”

Sleeping Pills Increased Cancer Risk by 35%

In “The Dark Side of Sleeping Pills,” an e-book by one of the study’s researchers, Daniel Kripke, MD,i he expands on the study findings, pointing out that not only are you likely to die sooner if you take sleeping pills, you’re more likely to get cancer too.

“We have now published a new study of over 10,000 patients who took sleeping pills and over 20,000 matched patients who did not take sleeping pills. The patients who took sleeping pills died 4.6 times as often during follow-ups averaging 2.5 years. Patients who took higher doses (averaging over 132 pills per year) died 5.3 times as often. Even those patients who took fewer than 18 pills per year had very significantly elevated mortality, 3.6 times that of patients who took no hypnotics.

It seems quite likely that the sleeping pills were causing early death for many of the patients. In addition, those who averaged over 132 sleeping pills per year were 35% more likely to develop a new cancer.

We went to great pains and effort to match the patients taking sleeping pills with those not taking sleeping pills for age, sex, smoking history, and various measures of poor health, so it seemed to be a fair comparison … Theoretically, there could be confounding factors or biases in the selection of patients which caused these deaths without involving sleeping pills. We can only say that we found almost no evidence of such biases. … If sleeping pills cause even a small portion of the excess deaths and cancers associated with their use, they are too dangerous to use.”

What’s more, Dr. Kripke reports that U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) documents on some of the newer sleeping pills on the market showed that all of the pills caused cancer in animals! But the results do not appear to be published.

“Several years ago, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) started making available on the internet some of their documents about the review of those newer sleeping pills approved for marketing in the United States since 1998.

… To my great surprise, I learned that rats and mice given high doses of zaleplon (Sonata), eszopiclone (Lunesta) as part of zopiclone, and ramelteon (Rozerem) developed cancer. The information available was a little vague to be certain, but it seems that these new sleeping pills all caused cancer in animals. I am no expert on experiments of this type, but FDA reviewers thought some of the results were worrisome.



One of the reasons I am not sure I understand these results is that I cannot find that the companies have ever published the details in the medical literature. It is conceivable that the manufacturers do not want these cancer experiments understood. These drugs also broke chromosomes, which is a well-known specific chemical mechanism by which drugs cause cancer.

There was also some older and confusing information about zolpidem (Ambien). Although one of the old records seemed to say that animals given zolpidem developed three kinds of cancer, and FDA reviewers were concerned about these hints of carcinogenicity, the new labeling approvedFootnote – click to read for the extended release version of zolpidem (Ambien CR) says no evidence of carcinogenic potential was observed in either mice or rats. I would like to know how the company figures they do not owe people a warning.”

Sleeping Pills Help You Fall Asleep Just 13 Minutes Faster and Sleep Only 11 Minutes Longer …

An analysis of studies financed by the National Institutes of Health found that sleeping pills like Ambien, Lunesta, and Sonata reduced the average time to go to sleep by just under 13 minutes compared with fake pills, while increasing total sleep time by just over 11 minutes — but, the participants believed they had slept longer, by up to one hour, when taking the pills.

This may actually be a sign of a condition called anterograde amnesia, which causes trouble with forming memories. When people wake up after taking sleeping pills, they may, in fact, simply forget that they had been unable to sleep! As reported in the New York Times:ii

“If you forget how long you lay in bed tossing and turning, in some ways that’s just as good as sleeping,” said Dr. Gary S. Richardson, a sleep disorders specialist at Henry Ford Hospital in Detroit who is a consultant and speaker for pharmaceutical companies and has conducted industry-sponsored research.”

Really?

Taking sleeping pills is well known to impair your function the following day. So unlike getting a restful night’s sleep, which will leave you alert and refreshed, getting slightly more sleep (or what you think is more sleep) by taking a sleeping pill is not the same thing. Dr. Kripke reports that sleeping pills make your brain less active, and that depressed activity doesn’t typically simply vanish when the sun comes up. He notes that:

” … almost all sleeping pills produce immediate impairments in memory and performance. Further there is extensive evidence that sleeping pills on average impair performance and memory on the following day.”iii

This can lead to a sleeping pill “hangover” that may cause confusion, sleepiness and increases in falls and automobile accidents. For instance, certain sleeping pills — those containing Benadryl — can have a half life of about 18 hours. So, if you take them every night, you’re basically sedated for a large portion of the day as well! Not surprisingly, they’re associated with cognitive deficits in the morning. Many sleeping pills are also a potent anti-cholinergics, which suppress REM sleep and dreaming. These drugs are also known to increase dementia risk in seniors. Further, there are even stranger side effects to be aware of, too …

Sleeping Pills Cause a Battery of Strange and Serious Side Effects

Treating sleeping troubles with drugs is a risky bet, as they are notorious for being addictive, which means that once you want to stop taking them, you’ll likely suffer withdrawal symptoms that could be worse than the initial insomnia. Some, including Ambien, may also become less effective when taken for longer than two weeks.

Ambien may also make you want to eat while you’re asleep — and the sleep eating can include bizarre foods such as buttered cigarettes, salt sandwiches, and raw bacon. Other bizarre side effects reported from various sleeping pills include:

Sleep walking and even sleep driving

Hallucinations

Confusion and disorientation

Complete amnesia from events, even those that took place during the day

Depression

Sleeping pills do nothing to help the underlying reasons why you’re having trouble sleeping in the first place. This is likely why studies have shown that cognitive behavioral therapy can treat insomnia better than drugs.

Most People Taking Sleeping Pills Have No Medical Reason for Doing So

Further, Dr. Kripke reports that one study revealed one-third of people who took sleeping pills never had insomnia; instead, the greatest predictor of whether a doctor would prescribe sleeping pills for a patient was how well he or she knew them!

“Giving sleeping pills is often a gift-giving behavior which is part of the “bedside manner.” When a distinguished group of physicians from our national Institute of Medicine were asked which times they would give a patient a sleeping pill, they said it was when they knew the patient well. The decision had to do with the doctor-patient relationship, not with any particular complaint or medical diagnosis.

In the CPSI study, about 1/3 of people who said that they took sleeping pills “often” said that they never had insomnia. Before doctors were required to write in a diagnosis justifying every prescription, only a small percentage of patients given sleeping pill prescriptions received any diagnosis related to sleep disorders. Even if we include all diagnoses related to emotional problems and nervousness, most patients given sleeping pills are not given any diagnosis suggesting a genuine medical reason for the prescription.”iv

Better Options for a Good Night’s Sleep

Instead of resorting to drugs, I suggest reading my Guide to a Good Night’s Sleep for 33 simple tips [2] on improving your sleep. Whether you are not able to fall asleep, wake up too often, or don’t feel well rested when you wake up in the morning, these guidelines will provide you with various useful techniques to improve sleep problems.

There are many factors that can influence your sleep, but one that many fail to consider is the use of lights, such as your TV, iPad, and computer, before going to bed. These emit the type of blue light that will suppress melatonin production and hamper your ability to fall asleep. Ideally, you’ll want to turn them off at least an hour prior to bedtime. Next, making sure your bedroom is ideally suited for sleep can also go a long way to ensure restful and uninterrupted sleep:

Cover your windows with blackout shades or drapes to ensure complete darkness.Even the tiniest bit of light in the room can disrupt your internal clock and your pineal gland’s production of melatonin and serotonin. (Even the faint glow from your clock radio could be interfering with your sleep.)Also close your bedroom door, get rid of night-lights, and refrain from turning on any light during the night, even when getting up to go to the bathroom. If you have to use a light, install so-called “low blue” light bulbs in your bedroom and bathroom. These emit an amber or red light that will not suppress your natural melatonin production. Keep the temperature in your bedroom at or below 70 degrees F (21 degrees Celsius).Many people keep their homes and particularly their upstairs bedrooms too warm. Studies show that the optimal room temperature for sleep is quite cool, between 60 to 68 degrees F (15.5 to 20 C). Keeping your room cooler or hotter can lead to restless sleep.When you sleep, your body’s internal temperature drops to its lowest level, generally about four hours after you fall asleep. Scientists believe a cooler bedroom may therefore be most conducive to sleep, since it mimics your body’s natural temperature drop. Check your bedroom for electro-magnetic fields (EMFs).These can disrupt your pineal gland and the production of melatonin and serotonin, and may have other negative effects as well.To do this, you need a gauss meter. You can find various models online, starting around $$50 to $$200. Some experts even recommend pulling your circuit breaker before bed to kill all power in your house. Move alarm clocks and other electrical devices away from your head. If these devices must be used, keep them as far away from your bed as possible, preferably at least 3 feet. If you’re feeling anxious or restless, try using the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT) [3], which can help you address any emotional issues that might keep you tossing and turning at night.

REFERENCES",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24919,"[1]

by Case Adams, ND [2]

RealNatural.org [2]

Research from Australia’s Edith Cowan University has confirmed an ancient treatment – that osteoarthritis pain and mobility is reduced with the application of ginger root topically.

The researchers recruited 20 adults between the ages of 35 and 90 years old – average age of 64 years old. All of the volunteers had been diagnosed with osteoarthritis. 85% of the patients had osteoarthritis of the knees and/or hips.

The researchers randomly divided the patients into two groups, and treated half of them with a ginger (Zingiber officinalis) compress, and half with a ginger transdermal patch – a patent-pending product from New Zealand.

The patients applied the patch or compress daily. They were monitored weekly with a Health Assessment Questionnaire throughout the 24 week study.

The patients in both groups experienced significant improvement in pain, fatigue, well-being and mobility after only seven days, and this improvement increased through the study. At the end of the 24-weeks, 82% were satisfied with their treatment. The patients were 70% satisfied with their treatment results even after the first week of treatment.

Before the study, 80% of the patients were dissatisfied with their (conventional) treatment for their osteoarthritis.

Even after the first week of treatment there was a significant improvement in pain (decreased by 48%), fatigue (decreased by 49%), well-being (increased by 40%), and mobility (increased by 31%).

These numbers increased through the duration the study.

The researchers concluded:

“This pilot study suggests ginger therapy using both the ginger compress and ginger patch has the potential to relieve symptoms and increase independence for people with osteoarthritis.”

This is not the first study to find that ginger has the ability to decrease inflammation and reduce pain in general, as well as among arthritis patients. Studies have found that ginger extract blocks cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) and lipoxygenase-5 (LOX-5) enzymes.

And a new study from Iran’s Tabriz University of Medical Sciences tested 64 diabetics and found that oral consumption of ginger decreased pro-inflammatory cytokines IL-6 and TNF-alpha, as well as hs-CRP levels – indicators of inflammation.

Other clinical research supports topical ginger application

The topical application of ginger is not new among ancient medicines. And other research is proving its efficacy.

Researchers from Thailand’s Thammasat University School of Medicine conducted a randomized, double-blind study with 50 osteoarthritis patients for six weeks. They gave half of the patients a conventional treatment gel of the NSAID diclofenac, and half the patients a gel containing 4% ginger root and extract of plai (Zingiber cassumunar) – a product called Plygersic gel.

Both groups were treated for six weeks, and their symptoms were measured using the Knee Injury and Osteoarthritis Outcome Score. The researchers then conducted analysis of variance statistical modeling. They determined that the ginger and plai (Plygersic gel) relieved pain and improved mobility similarly to the treatment with the NSAID gel.

The researchers concluded:

“Plygersic gel relieves joint pain and improves problematic symptoms and improves the quality of life in osteoarthritis knees during a 6 week treatment regimen with no differences to the 1% Diclofenac gel group.”

Ginger taken internally also reduces inflammation and pain in osteoarthritis

The anti-inflammatory effects of ginger in osteoarthritis are also experienced when ginger is taken orally.

This is evidenced in another recent study from Russia’s Gastroenterology Scientific Research Institute in Moscow.

The researchers tested 43 patients with knee and hip osteoarthritis. They gave 21 of the patients a ginger extract at 340 milligrams a day for four weeks. The other 23 patients received 100 milligrams of the NSAID diclofenac per day – a conventional osteoarthritis treatment.

The patients were tested with biopsy and for inflammatory factors relating to prostaglandins among the stomach and esophagus. They were also tested for arthritic pain levels before and after the treatment period, using the visual analogue scale (or VAS) – which measures pain in combination with mobility.

The researchers found that both groups had a similar reduction in pain, but the group taking the ginger did not suffer from the various effects typical of NSAID medication – including increased levels of stomach mucosa prostaglandins PGE1, PGE2 and PGF2alpha. These prostaglandin increases directly relate to an increased risk of ulceration, as the stomach mucosal membrane loses its protective abilities with NSAID use.

In their conclusion the researchers wrote:

“The ginger combination is as effective as diclofenac but safer in treating OA, being without effect on the stomach mucosa. The increased mucosal PGs synthesis in the ginger group supports an increased mucosa-protective potential. VAS; visual analogue scale, 0-100 mm.”

Numerous other studies support ginger’s ability to reduce inflammation and pain. This is why ginger is one of the oldest remedies for pain in traditional medicine – crossing over many cultures and medicines.

Nature has formulated pain reduction in combination with synergistic buffering abilities. This is why ginger is also used in traditional medicine to treat ulcerous conditions.

Learn the real causes and more natural strategies for arthritis pain and inflammation. [3]

Read the full article here: http://www.realnatural.org/ginger-treats-osteoarthritis-with-topical-application/ [2]

REFERENCES:

[4]Therkleson T. Topical Ginger Treatment With a Compress or Patch for Osteoarthritis Symptoms. J Holist Nurs. 2013 Dec 4.

Niempoog S, Siriarchavatana P, Kajsongkram T. The efficacy of Plygersic gel for use in the treatment of osteoarthritis of the knee. J Med Assoc Thai. 2012 Oct;95 Suppl 10:S113-9.

Mahluji S, Ostadrahimi A, Mobasseri M, Ebrahimzade Attari V, Payahoo L. Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Zingiber Officinale in Type 2 Diabetic Patients. Adv Pharm Bull. 2013;3(2):273-276.

Drozdov VN, Kim VA, Tkachenko EV, Varvanina GG. Influence of a specific ginger combination on gastropathy conditions in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip. J Altern Complement Med. 2012 Jun;18(6):583-8. doi: 10.1089/acm.2011.0202.

1. J Holist Nurs. 2013 Dec 4. [Epub ahead of print]

Topical Ginger Treatment With a Compress or Patch for Osteoarthritis Symptoms.

Therkleson T.

RATO Health Ltd, New Zealand.

Aim: This article is a report of a study evaluating changes in health status before and after topical ginger treatment for adults with moderate to severe osteoarthritis. Method: In 2011, 20 adults with chronic osteoarthritis were randomly assigned to one of two groups for 7 consecutive days of topical ginger treatment by trained nurses: Group 1 received a manually prepared ginger compress and Group 2 a standardized ginger patch. Participants had the option to continue self-treatment using the ginger patch for a further 24 weeks. A brief arthritis

health questionnaire was completed weekly for 3 weeks and 4 weekly for 24 weeks. Results: The mean scores for Group 1 and Group 2 show a notable decline following 1-week topical ginger treatment; scores in pain, fatigue, global effect, and functional status reduced by 48%, 49%, 40%, and 31%, respectively, whereas health satisfaction improved from 80% dissatisfied to 70% satisfied. Scores for all participants in all five domains progressively reduced over the following 24 weeks of self-treatment. Conclusion: Topical ginger treatment has the potential to relieve symptoms, improve the overall health, and increase independence of people with chronic osteoarthritis.

PMID: 24305660 [PubMed – as supplied by publisher]

A transdermal patch 10 containing one active ingredient, namely zingiber officinale rhizome (commonly known as ‘ginger’), for the treatment of an inflammatory condition such as an is an arthritic condition. The transdermal patch includes: a) a sheet of an absorbent material, b) zingiber officinale rhizome, and c) a carrier agent. A mixture of the zingiber officinale rhizome and carrier agent is applied to and absorbed into the absorbent sheet material such that the transdermal patch 10 provides non-invasive treatment of the inflammatory condition, when the transdermal patch 10 is placed on the skin of the recipient H, preferably, but not limited to, adjacent the kidney region K.



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24898,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

When our family lived on a mountain in the Philippines for several years, there was one man from our community who walked down the mountain every week on market day who was quite well recognized by everyone. That’s because he was over 100 years old!

One day we stopped to talk to him, and I asked him what he felt his secret was to reaching 104 years of age. He replied: “I drink salabat every day.” Salabat is the name the Filipinos give for fresh ginger tea. I am sure there were many other contributing factors to this man’s longevity (coconut oil more than likely was his cooking oil like everyone else in our community), but in his mind ginger tea was at the top!

There is almost always a pot of ginger sitting on top of our stove….

by DAVE MIHALOVIC

Prevent Disease

Along side turmeric, ginger is one of the world’s most potent disease-fighting spices. It has been widely regarded for centuries as a natural remedy for a variety of ailments. The use of ginger is numero uno when it comes to curing common cold and cough. It is also superior to pharmaceutical drugs in defeating cancer, motion sickness and inflammation.

Astoundingly, ginger is even more effective than many cancer drugs at shrinking tumors. Commonly consumed across the world in small doses among food and beverage products, the medicinal properties of ginger far surpass even advanced pharmaceutical inventions.

Cancer

Whole ginger extract was shown to exert significant growth-inhibiting and death-inductory effects in a spectrum of prostate cancer cells. Over 17 other studies have also reached similar conclusions on ginger’s anticancer benefits, with the spice being shown by peer-reviewed research to positively impact beyond 101 diseases.

The subject of one study based out of Georgia State University, whole ginger extract was revealed to shrink prostate tumor size by a whopping 56% in mice. The anticancer properties were observed in addition to ginger’s role in reducing inflammation as well as being a rich source of life-enhancing antioxidants. But what about cancer drugs? Could this simple spice really topple the advanced pharmaceuticals that are often touted as the ‘only option’ for cancer patients by medical doctors?

It turns out that cancer drugs are not only severely ineffective at permanently shrinking tumors, but they actually make tumors larger and kill the patient more quickly. More specifically, the tumors have been found to ‘metasize’, meaning they come back bigger and more stronger than their original size. What’s more, the ‘metasizing’ was found to be very aggressive. According to scientists Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston, the premium priced drugs were little more than death sentences for many patients.

“Whatever manipulations we’re doing to tumors can inadvertently do something to increase the tumor numbers to become more metastatic, which is what kills patients at the end of the day,” said study author Dr. Raghu Kalluri.

Inflammation

Ginger is one of the best pain killers in the world having analgesic properties like the popular ibuprofen, only better. It contains a quartet, gingerols, paradols, shogaols, and zingerone which are active ingredients to reduce pain. Ginger reduces pain-causing prostaglandin levels in the body. A study by researchers found that when people who were suffering from muscular pain were given ginger, they all experienced improvement. The recommended dosage of ginger is between 500 and 1,000 milligrams per day. Drink ginger tea or place shavings in your foods. Either way will get you relief from that recurring pain.

During the past 25 years, many laboratories have provided scientific support for the long-held belief that ginger contains constituents with antiinflammatory properties. The original discovery of ginger’s inhibitory effects on prostaglandin biosynthesis in the early 1970s has been repeatedly confirmed. This discovery identified ginger as an herbal medicinal product that shares pharmacological properties with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, but without the side effects.

Ginger suppresses prostaglandin synthesis through inhibition of specific enzymes. An important extension of this early work was the observation that ginger also suppresses inflammatory biosynthesis by inhibiting inflammatory proteins. This pharmacological property distinguishes ginger from nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.

This discovery preceded the observation that dual inhibitors of these enzymes and inflammatory proteins may have a better therapeutic profile and have fewer side effects than non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.

The characterization of the pharmacological properties of ginger entered a new phase with the discovery that ginger extract inhibits the induction of several genes involved in the inflammatory response.

These include genes encoding cytokines, chemokines, and the inducible enzymes. This discovery provided the first evidence that ginger modulates biochemical pathways activated in chronic inflammation.

Motion Sickness

A study in the journal Lancet involved 36 people highly susceptible to motion sickness. The researchers had the subjects take either two capsules of powdered ginger, an antinausea medication or a placebo, and then, 20 minutes later, spin on a motorized chair for up to six minutes. Taking ginger delayed the onset of sickness about twice as long as taking the medication. The study also found that half the subjects who took ginger lasted the full six minutes, compared with none of those given the placebo or the medication.

A study by Danish scientists looked at 80 naval cadets prone to seasickness and found that those given one gram of ginger powder suffered less in a four-hour period then those given medication.

Researchers have demonstrated that ginger beats dimenhydrate, the main ingredient in motion sickness drugs such as Dramamine, for controlling symptoms of seasickness and motion sickness. Ginger stimulates saliva flow and digestive activity, settles the stomach, relieves vomiting, eases pain from gas and diarrhea, and is effective as an anti-nausea remedy.

Why Is Ginger So Important?

“Ginger is very popularly used in Ayurveda for its benefits in digestion and respiratory disorders. It is a wonderful carminative, ant flatulent, stimulant and expectorant,” said Ayurvedic consultant Dr. Jaishree Bhattacharjee. She adds, “Ginger has many useful minerals like calcium, phosphorus, iron, magnesium, copper, zinc and few others.”

Zingerone, shogaols, gingerols, and volatile oils give ginger its distinct aroma and flavour, as well as its medical properties. The amount of these therapeutic compounds in ginger is determined by geography, time of harvest, and processing methods.

Ginger as an appetizer?

When used before meals, ginger improves appetite by igniting digestive fire due to its hot potency. It also enhances digestion due to its pungent taste and alleviates toxins of indigestion from the body.

Besides cold, ginger is useful for…

“Fresh juice of ginger is used to cure symptoms of cough and cold. It helps stop watery discharge from nose and help cure headache and fever associated with common cold if taken in tea or as decoction with basil and honey,” Dr. Jaishree continues to list hidden benefits of ginger.

Different ways of using ginger for home remedies

“One can eat thin slices of ginger in a salt and limejuice mixture before and after meals to improve appetite and digestion.”

This can be the perfect remedy for fussy children. And adults too: Ginger could be a replacement for wine as an appetizer.

“It can be used in cooking as a fresh spice to enhance the taste.”

“Therapeutically ginger juice is mixed with basil leaves juice and honey to cure cough and cold.”

“Ginger juice application is said to be good for hypo pigmented patches on your skin.”

“It can be used in scrubs and baths for fresh rejuvenating aroma.”

PEELING GINGER

Dave Mihalovic is a Naturopathic Doctor who specializes in vaccine research, cancer prevention and a natural approach to treatment.

Sources:

nlm.nih.gov

myscienceacademy.org

preventdisease.com

precisionnutrition.com

nytimes.com

Read the Full Story Here: http://preventdisease.com/news/13/040813_Ginger-Beats-Drugs-In-Defeating-Cancer-Motion-Sickness-and-Inflammation.shtml

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32743,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

When 6 year old Samuel Mitchell had difficulties in school stemming from a brain injury at birth, his mother sought help. Eventually, Child Protective Services of Colorado decided that they could do a better job of caring for Samuel, and they seized him from his family and locked him away in a facility where they turned him into a medical guinea pig. He spent years being heavily drugged, and when his mother and the ACLU investigated and exposed some of the corruption, there was retaliation. Now, Samuel is 18, falsely imprisoned for charges with no evidence that a crime actually occurred, and his mother Lisa Mitchell is working to unravel and expose the years of harm done to her son.

This family’s story is just the tip of the iceberg of the horrific drugging of foster children and children who are hidden away in America’s institutions and mental health facilities. Samuel has a mother who is willing to fight for him and investigate the system to expose and change the nightmare life that children in his situation face, and he is still trapped in the system. How many children like him have no one to speak up for them?

But this is a people plundered and looted, all of them trapped in pits or hidden away in prisons.

They have become plunder, with no one to rescue them; they have been made loot, with no one to say, ‘Send them back.’ Which of you will listen to this or pay close attention in time to come? Isaiah 42:22-23 (NIV Bible)

Lisa Mitchell and her son hope that you will pay attention. Birth Trauma and Following the Vaccine Schedule – Health Problems Emerge Samuel was born in Texas in 1997 and is the youngest of 4 children. Other than a bout with a giardia infection and medication to treat that, Lisa’s pregnancy was normal. However, during the birth, Samuel’s heart rate indicated signs of trouble. After a vacuum extractor was used, he was born blue with the cord around his neck twice. Having the umbilical cord around the baby’s neck is a fairly common, and usually harmless, occurrence in birth, but in Samuel’s case, he suffered some oxygen deprivation and brain injury. Numerous doctors later linked the birth trauma to his intellectual impairment. He was fully vaccinated according to recommended pediatric vaccine schedule. He was happy as a baby. By age 2, Samuel showed signs of cognitive and emotional difficulties. When he was 3, Lisa met with a therapist about concerns for her son. Heavy Psych Drugs Given at Age 6 When Samuel was 6 years old and in school, it became apparent that Samuel needed help. He was having difficulty concentrating and was having angry outbursts. Lisa was shocked when the medical professionals she consulted prescribed 6 psychotropic drugs in one sitting. However, she reports that she was scared for her son, so she complied. I did not know then, that was going to change my son’s life for the next 12 years. Before he was 7 years old, psychiatrists had already diagnosed him with bipolar disorder, anxiety, and ADHD, and he began more than a decade of ever changing dosages and doctors’ experimentation with heavy-duty psychotropic medications. Medical records show that Samuel was on 5 to 6 medications at a time from that point on. Family Moves to Colorado in Search of Better Care Within 6 months of Samuel beginning the medications, Lisa reports that her son became “delusional, violent, aggressive, and suicidal.” At the time, Lisa did not connect the escalation of symptoms to the drugs, but believed that he was ill and needed more help. Doctors treated Samuel with staggering cocktails of drugs, but his problems did not go away. They got worse. He qualified for Social Security Disability and went on Medicaid. His IQ has been tested several times reflecting a score of around 70, indicating borderline intelligence. In 2005, Lisa packed up her family and moved to Colorado in order to be close to a children’s residential treatment program that she hoped would help Samuel. She and the children’s father had divorced in 2000, and he remained in Texas. Lisa left behind a beautiful home, but she had high hopes that Samuel would be helped in the new setting. When the new treatment center “doped up” her son even more, Lisa questioned the doctors, asking why so many drugs were being given, but she says that her concerns were dismissed by “arrogant doctors.” Child Protective Services Gets Involved Things escalated one day in 2007. A therapist was transporting Samuel in her car for a routine visit home with his family. He reportedly became scared and had a meltdown in the front seat. The therapist put him in a restraint. During the process, he scratched her car. Lisa reports that the police came to the scene and charged her 10 year old intellectually challenged boy with 3rd degree assault. Based on that incident, a Child Protective Services case worker from the Department of Human Services (DHS) got involved and appointed a GAL. Charges against Samuel were later dropped due to findings of his incompetency. But DHS already had a foot in the door, and as many families have reported to Health Impact News, once the state agency gets involved in a family, it is hard to get them out of their lives. No Legitimate Reason for State to Seize Samuel, But They Did Later that year, DHS seized Samuel from his family, for no other reason than that they believed they could do a better a job of caring for him. Weld County DHS also seized Samuel’s Social Security benefits. During the exchange of discovery in their federal lawsuit in 2015, Lisa learned that DHS had been submitting false information to the Social Security Administration for 8 years, stating that Lisa, as Samuel’s legal representative, approved of all such information. She did not even know about it. In 2010 DHS filed a Dependency and Neglect order for Samuel without any accusations of abuse or neglect. Their rationale presented to the court was that, by DHS having custody, the state of Colorado could pay for his care. Lisa argued that Medicaid was already paying for his care, but to no avail. They seized Samuel without any legal grounds and placed him in a mental health facility. DHS reportedly used Samuel’s SSI benefits to abuse, neglect, and over-drug him for the next 8 years. According to one court document: The only reason why the Dependency and Neglect Action was initiated in this case was to provide Samuel with needed mental health treatment; there was no triggering event of abuse and neglect that Lisa allegedly committed. According to Colorado’s Child Mental Health Treatment Act, children with mental health needs whose parents cannot afford their treatment must be provided mental health services, without the need to remove the children from the home. An earlier version of the law was in place at the time Samuel was taken, but this aspect was the same then as it is now. Samuel’s removal from his home violated that act. It is clear to his mother that the state never should have seized Samuel from his family, but they did. The other children remained in the home. Lisa Mitchell has been fighting to get Samuel back ever since.

At no time since did Lisa ever lose her parental rights on paper, but in reality, she may as well have, because things happened to her son that she had no control over. She says that she could not protect him and she could not stop the drugging. Samuel was housed in multiple facilities from 2007 to 2009. Then he was moved to a facility that was a 280 mile round trip drive away from their home. Despite the financial hardship, Lisa made the long drive almost every weekend from 2009 to 2015 in order to be able to visit her son. Medical Guinea Pig It has only been in recent years that Lisa has been able to put pieces together about what happened to her son since the state of Colorado seized him, and it is a very ugly tale of fraud, kickbacks to doctors, abuse, and experimentation, all at the expense of her son and others who are trapped in the system. Between 2003 and 2014, between the various psychiatrists and treatment facilities, Samuel has been prescribed more than 20 different drugs, including heavy psychotropics and antidepressants. Medical records include Seroquel, Zoloft, Wellbutrin, Adderall, Ritalin, Abilify, Tenex, Concerta, Lexapro, Clonidine, Trileptal, Valium, Strattera, Lithium, Risperdal, Topomax, Inderal, Ativan, Depakote, Celexa, Quetiapine, and Prozac. At most times, he was on 5 to 6 of these at one time, with ever-changing dosages and combinations. Most of these medications were prescribed to Samuel without Lisa’s informed consent. Prozac is the only medication approved by the FDA for treating depression in children. All other medications are used off-label for that purpose. Yet, the New York Times reports that the makers of the drug, Eli Lilly, has faced multiple lawsuits dating back to 1990 for “gross negligence” for failure to adequately warn doctors that Prozac “may sometimes set off aggressive, violent or suicidal behavior.” It was Prozac that was the drug that prompted the first of the black box warning labels on psychotropic drugs for children and adolescents. In 2003, the FDA began to alert doctors that children and teens taking an SSRI might be prone to thoughts of suicide. It added new warnings in 2004 and mandated that SSRIs carry a “black box” warning—so called because it is prominently placed in a black box on the label. In fact, the majority of the mind-altering drugs that Samuel was prescribed include black box warning labels by the FDA – the strongest warning that is issued by the organization. According to Lisa: It’s amazing that my child is still alive! He was a pharmaceutical guinea pig. As we have previously reported here at Health Impact News, there are federal laws in place that allow the State to take custody of a child for purposes of using that child in drug experiments. Once a ward of the State, the child’s medical expenses are fully covered and no parental or insurance approval is needed. Therefore, even experimental drugs not yet approved by the FDA can be administered. See: Medical Kidnapping in the U.S. – Kidnapping Children for Drug Trials All Foster Children in Colorado Heavily Drugged The Denver Post investigated the drugging of foster children, like Samuel, in a series in 2012. They found that: Foster kids in 2012 were prescribed anti-psychotics at 12 times the rate of other children on government insurance, which has raised alarms that the drugs are overprescribed to a vulnerable group. Source. Further: High rates of psychotropic drug use among poor and foster children didn’t occur by mistake, government investigators say. Court documents filed in health care false-claims lawsuits show that drug companies closely tracked the prescribing habits of doctors in the Medicaid program, which pays the health care of the poor, including foster children. In Colorado, nine of the top 10 most prescribed drugs for foster children in the Medicaid program are psychotropics, according to the most recently available data. In contrast, for non-foster children, only one psychotropic is among the top 10 most prescribed drugs in Medicaid. Source. Colorado is certainly not alone in this. All around the country, children in state care are much more likely to be prescribed these dangerous drugs. See: Foster Care Abuse: Drugging Children Against Their Will California’s Crisis: 1 Out of Every 4 Children in California’s Foster Care Prescribed Powerful Psychiatric Drugs Kids in Foster Care 3 Times As Likely To Get Psych Drugs “You’re worth a lot of money” – Prescribing Psychotropic Drugs is Big Money for Doctors

Whistleblowers have exposed the corrupt marketing tactics and illegal kickback schemes used by major pharmaceutical companies to target pediatric doctors and psychiatrists to prescribe the antidepressants and psychotropic drugs to children for off-label uses. While it is not illegal for doctors to prescribe drugs off-label, it is illegal for the drug companies to market them for off-label use. Safety and effectiveness studies are not done on medications for off-label use, so the patients prescribed these drugs essentially become guinea pigs for doctors to experiment. Some doctors do more of this experimentation than others, and the payoffs can be huge. Dr. John T. Hardy, an adolescent and child psychiatrist, has treated Samuel Mitchell many times over the years, and has prescribed many dangerous drugs to him. According to Dollars for Docs, a Propublica database where users can search to find how much money a doctor has been paid by pharmaceutical companies, Dr. Hardy is the top doctor in his specialty in the state of Colorado for payouts from drug companies. In a 16 month period in 2013-2015, he was paid more than $$280,000 by pharmaceutical companies. $$110K of that was from the makers of Abilify, a drug that is linked to hypersexuality, compulsive gambling, and other obsessive compulsive behavior. There have been numerous lawsuits filed against Otsuka and Bristol-Myers over the psychotropic drug. Dr. Hardy received large sums of money from the manufacturer, primarily for promotional speaking, travel, and lodging. When children in foster care are prescribed medications, the cost is billed to Medicaid. Thus, taxpayers foot the bill for some very expensive drugs, drugs which are not even supposed to be prescribed to children. Over the years, Samuel took between 10 mg. a day of Abilify up to 2 doses of 20 mg. per day. According to TrueMedCost.com, Abilify ranges from $$717 for a 30 day supply of 10 mg tablets up to greater than $$2400 for a month’s supply of 2 20 mg tablets per day. The drug is reportedly one of the top drugs that psychiatrists in Colorado prescribe to children in foster care. This is just one of the drugs that Samuel was prescribed while he was in DSS custody. Lisa Mitchell wants to know how much money was made by Dr. Hardy and others for prescribing these drugs to her son. She says that her son’s Guardian ad Litem (GAL) once told Samuel: You’re worth a lot of money.

Sexually Abused in the Residential Facilities

The drugging was only part of the horrors that Samuel faced while he was warehoused in El Pueblo Boys and Girls Ranch from 2009 to 2015. Lisa reports that, on many occasions, Samuel had bruises, scabs, and other marks on his body from restraints used on him at the facility. She also reports that the controversial and dangerous “prone restraint” technique was used on her son. Prone restraint has been associated with a number of deaths, and is banned in Colorado with disabled children. Lisa reports that people at the facility sat on Samuel, kicked him in the groin, choked him, battered and bruised him all over his body – that was just in 2012. He was bitten and assaulted numerous times by other children in the facility. He was a mess, and nobody cared but me. Samuel was allegedly sexually assaulted under state care. Lisa said that, at one point his urine was orange, his scrotum was purple, and he was in pain before they got around to taking him for medical treatment. He was tested annually for several years for HIV and other sexually transmitted diseases, yet Lisa still has not been able to get any records showing why he was tested. His mother questions whether or not this was Medicaid fraud (since Medicaid was billed for the tests), or if he actually has a sexually transmitted disease but they won’t tell her. To date, Lisa still does not know the answer to this question. What she does know is that, at age 12, Samuel disclosed that he had sex with an older female who allegedly pursued him two years prior. That would have been at the previous residential facility when he was just 10 years old. There was never an investigation, and no one was ever charged. Medical reports state that Samuel sometimes displayed anger issues. When he was 10, a therapist noted: Samuel also gets easily upset when he feels he will never go home, or may have to go to a foster home. Samuel’s anger can result in verbal threats, rages, running away and physical acting out. One report when he was 14 states that he had: worsening behavior after he was told he cannot return home to mom …. What did they expect? Instead of looking at this as normal responses to being held in captivity, the solution was to drug Samuel even more. Solitary Confinement Stopped By ACLU Investigation There were a number of times when Samuel spent time at one of the “reflection cottages,” which are drab, bare cottages where residents would spend time in solitary confinement, often for days or weeks at a time. According to Colorado law, no prisoner or patient is to be in solitary confinement for more than 2 hours at a time. In 2013, the ACLU investigated allegations of cruel treatment of youth in the reflection cottages, and many of the allegations were discovered to be founded, based on inspections and interviews with some staff as well as former and current residents, including Samuel. The ACLU demanded that use of the cottages be suspended, based on their investigation: Children are forbidden to speak with others and must ask permission to use the bathroom. Children are not allowed to go outside or provided opportunity for exercise. The ACLU was able to get these solitary confinement cottages shut down, but the victory was short-lived. El Pueblo has reopened the cottages, asserting that their use was not abusive. Retaliation for Exposing Corruption It was in 2012-2013 that Lisa was able to obtain some of Samuel’s medical records and she started seeing just how drugged her son was. She hadn’t really put the pieces together before that, but when the pieces starting coming together, Lisa jumped into the middle of it, working to expose the corruption. Whistleblowers were exposing the corruption of the drug companies targeting children with off-label use of psychotropic drugs. Lawsuits against the drug companies were being filed which exposed dangerous side-effects that had not been disclosed by the manufacturers. The Denver Post began investigating the drugging of children in foster care, and psychiatrists who were lining their pockets at the expense of these kids. The ACLU was investigating El Pueblo’s reflection cottages. All in all, it was a bad year for the mental health treatment center and psychiatrists. That was when she says she believes that there began to be retaliation against Samuel and the rest of the kids who spoke with the ACLU and drew state scrutiny to bear on El Pueblo Treatment Center. As Lisa learned more about the dangers of the medications her son was on, she realized that all the years of Samuel being drugged by the psychiatrists never helped him, but, in fact, the drugs CAUSED the problems. She demanded that he be taken off of the drugs. She wrote letters, contacted media, and talked with legislators. She has even been able to get laws changed in Colorado. One therapist wrote in Samuel’s Medical Evaluation review that: He states his ‘mother wants me to stop Prozac.’ In response, the therapist recommended: Don’t stop Prozac. Ironically, he also wrote that Samuel’s current diagnosis was “Oppositional Defiant Disorder.” Earlier that year, Lisa had written asking that he not be put on Prozac, but they did so anyway. She believes that it was out of spite. When Samuel turned 16 in June 2013, the jurisdiction for DHS to hold him ended, but it took Lisa going to court and filing suit to get him released from their custody, custody which they never legally should have had in the first place. But they allegedly did not want him to get out of the system. Lisa began to be afraid they were never going to let him go. Though no charges were filed against Samuel while he resided in residential treatment centers up until this time, charges suddenly began to be made against him. Samuel began to face accusations of various charges of assault. Lisa reports that about half of those were self defense. Somehow, Samuel was persuaded to plead guilty to some of the charges. His mother says that he was lied to, that if he pleaded guilty, “they would take care of it.” Those cases are being appealed. All of the allegations occurred while Samuel was under the influence of mind-altering drugs, including the recently prescribed Prozac. However, one bizarre charge of sexual assault remained. Charges Pressed With No Evidence a Crime Actually Occurred Not long before Samuel would have been able to go home with his family, he was accused of raping another boy in the facility. Samuel, who had just turned 16, denies any part of it. The alleged incident was not reported until the next day after it was supposed to have occurred. The boy was taken to the hospital for a rape kit. All tests came back negative for any presence of sperm or seminal fluid. The boy reported no pain or trauma. Later, the boy reportedly said he didn’t know if he dreamed it, or made it up, or what. He didn’t remember. Nonetheless, prosecutors proceeded with charges of felony sexual assault. In order to take the case to trial, Samuel would have to be declared “competent” to stand trial, because it is illegal to sentence someone who is incompetent to jail. Three different experts over the years have declared him to be incompetent. He has been incompetent and on disability since 2003. Lisa says that DSS “doctor shopped” in the effort to find someone who would declare her intellectually challenged son to be competent. They found one from the Colorado Mental Health Institute at Pueblo who somehow declared that he was competent to stand trial. (That finding has again been reversed, but not before the damage was done.) Before the trial, Samuel’s defense attorney filed a motion for the charges to be dismissed based on DNA evidence: I am arguing that in the interest of justice as it effects Sam’s placement options that this case be dismissed now that the DNA results provide clear exculpatory evidence. This is not a guaranteed outcome; this particular DA may not give up the fight without a trial even in the face of such clear evidence of Samuel’s innocence. The charges were not dismissed, and the boy who had been drugged most of his life, had an IQ of around 70, and had been on disability for mental impairment since the age of 6, faced a trial in juvenile court. The prosecution’s opening statement began thus: This is a juvenile sexual assault case with a lesser charge of sexual contact. The prosecuting attorney does not have any evidence of the charge …. The court found Samuel not guilty of the felony charge in May 2015, but despite the lack of evidence that a crime even occurred, Samuel was found guilty of a misdemeanor sexual assault charge. His mother says that he cried his eyes out. She believes that the charges are retaliation for their participation in whistleblowing. Samuel is currently in jail in his 10th month of his sentence of 0-2 years. They are appealing the verdict. If it is not overturned, Samuel will be required to register as a sex offender. Finally No More Drugs – But Childhood Memories Lost Lisa Mitchell has vowed to keep fighting for her son. The Dependency and Neglect case, through which DHS seized custody of Samuel absent any charges of abuse or neglect, was closed in August 2015. Samuel is finally drug-free, and has been for about a year and a half. He is still mentally impaired, but Lisa says that he is functioning better. He is somewhat depressed, simply because of where he is, but he hasn’t had any discipline problems at all since he has been off of the medications. The drugs are not completely out of his system yet, but he is making progress. Lisa reports: He doesn’t remember most of his childhood, because he was so drugged up. He Can Sense God’s Presence Now One of the greatest outcomes to Samuel of being drug free is his renewed faith. He prays and has been reading his Bible throughout this experience. But for many years, he told his mom that he couldn’t feel God’s presence. He now realizes that it was the drugs. Since he got off of the drugs, now he says that he can feel God and sense His presence. He reassures his mother: I know God’s going to help us, Mom. Lisa’s voice broke as she told Health Impact News: They even drugged God out of my child! The Fight for Samuel Continues Since Samuel was declared competent to stand trial, he had the right to request his own competency testing. In August, he participated in a Neuropsychological Screening Evaluation. The examiner evaluated Samuel and examined the previous competency/incompetency findings. He found that Samuel is, in fact, incompetent. He functions on about a 5th grade level, even without being drugged. Lisa recently filed for guardianship of Samuel, and was granted unlimited guardianship. The court deemed Samuel “incapacitated.” She now has access to his medical records. She has been petitioning for years for his records, which were court ordered to have been given to her in 2012, but Lisa says they are still “hiding” some of the records. Samuel has also asked for his records, but his requests were denied as well. Lisa vows to keep fighting for her son, and for other families. She says that many parents in similar situations blame their kids, but she now realizes that it’s the drugs which account for much bad behavior.

It’s the tearing down of the American family. They want you to go away. They want you to give up. They want to make you do whatever they want you to do.

About corrupt social workers and corrupt psychiatrists, she says:

You can choose to give kids fraudulent drugs, and you can commit Medicaid fraud, but you will always have people like me who won’t stop till I see you in jail.

How You Can Help

There is a Facebook page set up for Samuel, called Denied Innocence: Free Samuel Mitchell.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32289,"by the National Vaccine Information Center

Your action is needed to OPPOSE California AB 443 Optometry: scope of practice.

If passed as currently written, AB 443 would allow optometrists to administer vaccines for influenza, herpes zoster virus (Shingles), and pneumococcus to adults 18 years of age and older.

AB 443 has already passed the Assembly and is scheduled to be heard in the Senate Committee on Business, Professions and Economic Development on Monday, July 10, 2017 at 12:00 noon in Room 3191. Please plan to attend.

Is this Bill an Attempt to Get More Californians Entered into a State Vaccine Tracking System?

If AB 443 passes into law as written, it would require optometrists to enter newly administered vaccines and personally identifying information into the state vaccine tracking system, CAIR.

People should have the right to give their “opt-in consent” when their personally identifiable information is being entered into a tracking system and shared with the State and others. They also should have the right to deny or withdraw that consent without penalty.

Under current statute, people are forced to participate in the registry and are only allowed to refuse consent for their information to be shared with other users of CAIR.

Legislators should not be expanding function of a system that violates privacy and informed consent. People should not be confused into thinking this is an opt-out system because it is not.

People cannot opt-out of tracking, just the data sharing with other users of CAIR. The State still retains the records for their purposes.

NVIC opposes forced vaccine tracking.

Please Note: Similar bills have been defeated in previous sessions. NVIC opposed SB-622 Optometry in 2015.

The bill author, optometrist Senator Hernandez, canceled the final hearing.

In 2013, SB-492 Optometrist: practice: licensure, also authored by Senator Hernandez, was met with considerable opposition and died in the Assembly.

Read the full NVIC Alert and get updates here.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
828,"The Unhealthiest State in America Has the Best Vaccination Rate: Offit’s Orwellian Logic Fails to Connect the Dots

by the World Mercury Project Team

In a Daily Beast opinion piece on December 15, Paul Offit—one of the vaccine industry’s most strident ambassadors—puzzles over a seeming contradiction.

How, Offit wonders, could the state of Mississippi, which has “the worst overall health in the nation,” have used standout “efficiency” to achieve over 99.4% vaccine coverage in kindergartners?

Rather than seriously investigate this apparent enigma, Offit presents his ready-made answer and reveals his article’s true purpose. According to Paul Offit, Mississippi’s high vaccination rates are due to the state’s 1979 decision to make the government—rather than parents—the primary vaccine decision-maker for children.

Reflecting on the Mississippi Supreme Court’s 1979 elimination of that state’s religious exemption to vaccination, Offit applauds the Court’s position, stating,

“If a parent harbors a religious belief that contradicts a basic tenant [sic] of modern medicine…the state has a right to protect the child from the irresponsible acts of the parent.”

Offit—though a parent himself—tells readers that the state-determined “duty” to vaccinate supersedes other parental rights.

In short, Offit appears to believe that coercion is the name of the game, openly admitting that he disapproves of the 47 states that still allow parents in the U.S. to take religious, moral or personal beliefs into account when making vaccine decisions on behalf of their children.

“The worst health in the nation”

According to the comprehensive state-by-state health rankings that Offit cites, Mississippi has remained squarely at the bottom of the nation’s overall health rankings for decades (Figure 1).

The low ranking correlates, in part, with the state’s poverty statistics: one-third of Mississippi’s children live in poverty (the highest percentage of any state), and 87% of the state’s Medicaid enrollees are children.

But from birth on, scattered health statistics suggest that Mississippi’s children and adolescents face other physical and mental health challenges as well. To cite some examples from the available data:

Mississippi’s infant mortality rate is more than twice as high (8.8 deaths per thousand live births) as New Hampshire’s (4.2 per 1000), which is the U.S. state with the highest health ranking. The percentage of low birthweight babies in Mississippi is also high—11.4% versus 6.9% in New Hampshire.

Asthma-related emergency department visits and hospital discharges are higher for children ages 0-4 than for any other pediatric or adult age group.

The obesity rate for Mississippi high school students (18.9%) is significantly higher than the national average (13.9%) and has been increasing steadily since 2001.

A study that examined Medicaid recipients in Mississippi who received services related to autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in 2007 found that 88% were age 21 or younger (1170/1330). Most young Medicaid recipients with ASD were on psychotropic medications (62% of 10-and-under children and 75% of youth in the 11-21 age group). On average, over the one-year study period, each young Medicaid recipient with ASD had twelve ( < 10 years old) to sixteen (ages 11-21) psychotropic drug claims.

10 years old) to sixteen (ages 11-21) psychotropic drug claims. Mississippi’s high school students are significantly more likely than the nation’s high schoolers to attempt suicide (12.7% versus 8.6%), and the percentage has doubled since 2001. The percentage of Mississippi students making a suicide plan has increased by 45% since 2011.

Figure 1. Mississippi’s overall health ranking, 1990–2016

Avoiding the obvious question

Despite juxtaposing two critical pieces of health information about Mississippi’s children—high vaccine coverage and poor health rankings—Offit does not ask the obvious elephant-in-the-room question: Could one have something to do with the other?

Clearly, factors such as poverty and nutrition are one set of influences on health status, but vaccines—potent immune-system-stimulating medical interventions administered repeatedly, both prenatally and from birth—must be considered as another influence.

Mississippi’s medical practitioners and Offit are shirking their ethical responsibilities by denying vaccines’ ability to trigger adverse health outcomes, including death.

Researchers who are less disingenuous than Offit have plausibly linked many of the above-listed health conditions (asthma, obesity, ASD and other neurodevelopmental disorders and infant mortality) to vaccines.

ASD, in turn, has been associated with disrupted circadian rhythms, which appear to be linked to increased risk of suicide attempts in adolescents. Parents also have reported suicide as an outcome of devastating HPV vaccine damage.

None of these associations should come as a surprise, given that vaccines intentionally tamper with normal immune system functioning and also contain unsafe aluminum adjuvants and/or other toxic ingredients such as thimerosal and formaldehyde.

Looking at infant mortality

Since the early 1990s, newborns have received the first of three mandated hepatitis B (HepB) shots within 24 hours of birth. In 1999, the head of the Association of American Physicians & Surgeons warned Congress that HepB vaccine recipients were 100 times more likely to experience a serious reaction from the HepB vaccine itself than from the disease.

A 2017 study of reports to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) concurs with this warning and suggests that young children bear a heavy burden of HepB damage.

Looking at over 20,000 adverse events reported to VAERS over a ten-year period (2005–2015) following administration of single-antigen HepB vaccine (or other HepB-containing vaccines), the researchers found that half (51%) of all the adverse event reports were for children under two years of age, and another 13% were for 2-to-18-year-olds.

The serious adverse events reported in association with single-antigen HepB vaccine included 45 deaths, with sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) being the “most commonly reported cause.”

In July 2017, the U.S. Court of Federal Claims ruled that there was “preponderant evidence” supporting the claim that vaccines “actually caused or substantially contributed” to SIDS.

A 2008 SIDS autopsy study also found that SIDS cases often manifest “signs of inflammation and response to infection” that are “out of proportion to pre-existing symptoms.”

These authors added that SIDS infants typically are “not totally ‘normal’ in the days prior to a SIDS death” and frequently display symptoms such as “listlessness” and “droopiness”—the types of “mild problems” that public health experts list as possible reactions to vaccination.

Now consider Mississippi’s high infant mortality rate. Half of all infant deaths in Mississippi occur on the very first day of life, and another 25% happen within the first month.

Mississippi’s most recent analysis of child deaths reports that there were 523 child deaths in the state in 2014. For almost three in ten deaths (29% or 151/523), the State Department of Health considered the cause of death to be “conditions originating in the perinatal period,” with another 19% (102/523) in the “other and unknown” category.

Reviewers then examined 172 of the total cases (33%) in greater detail, including 57 infant deaths. Almost three-fourths (70% or 40/57) of the infant deaths were due to “asphyxia,” and the cause of death for another 12 infants (21%) “remained undetermined.”

Research has shown that U.S. medical examiners and coroners are inconsistent in the cause of death that they apply to sudden unexpected infant deaths and often classify them as “suffocation/asphyxia.” This lack of consistency—and the masking of deaths that may be vaccine-related—“impacts true understanding of infant mortality causes, and inhibits our ability to accurately monitor and ultimately prevent future deaths.”

Coercive tactics

Offit makes it clear that he wants other states to follow Mississippi’s example and take away parental rights to make vaccine decisions. For him, the fact that vaccination rates are high across the U.S. and that relatively few parents exercise current exemption options appears to be beside the point.

A February 2017 Forbes propaganda piece about West Virginia (one of the two other states to have deprived its citizens of religious exemptions) reveals the same pro-coercion mindset.

The Forbes writer (who has since had multiple articles retracted due to serious questions about conflicts of interest) admits that West Virginia parents “vaccinate their children primarily because they have no other choice” [emphasis added] and that vaccination rates “would dip dangerously if nonmedical exemptions were allowed.”

Rather than crediting parents who have the wisdom to ask valid questions about vaccine safety, Offit and his ilk want Big Brother to take over.

A recent commentary in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health provides a different perspective.

Calling attention to the “neurotoxic content” of many vaccines and “disturbing evidence” that vaccines may not be as safe as implied, the author, Keith Schofield, calls on government to recognize the potential for toxins in the environment and in vaccines to have damaging synergistic effects and create a neurotoxic “overload” in both humans and fetuses.

Rather than going after Constitutional and parental rights, Offit would do well to heed Schofield’s call for the U.S. medical profession to “reassess its current general vaccination program” and admit that the nation’s “excessive” vaccine schedule “has to be considered dangerous [and] irresponsible.”

Read the full article at WorldMercuryProject.org.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33246,"By Dr. Mercola

It’s very difficult to achieve high-level physical health if your dental health isn’t effectively addressed. I’ve been involved with alternatives to regular dentistry for quite some time. I think many people fail to appreciate how important dentistry is to our total health.

Most tend to separate these two components, but both need to […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24496,"by FIONA MACRAE

Daily Mail

Pesticides found on fruit and vegetables could be doing untold damage to male fertility, research suggests.

Thirty of 37 crop chemicals tested interfered with the action of testosterone, the sex hormone critical to a healthy male reproductive system.

Worryingly, 16 of the 30 had not previously been linked with hormone disruption.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-1359747/Pesticides-fruit-vegetables-wrecking-mens-fertility.html#ixzz1En5xB27e",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17326,"by Dr. Brownstein

I remember when I graduated from medical school, the dean told our class, “What we have just taught you was the most up-to-date information about medicine. Unfortunately, 50% of what we taught you was wrong. Your job is to figure out which 50% was wrong.”

I remember feeling stunned at the Dean’s omission. Now, 26 years later, I think the dean was too conservative. Now I feel that approximately 75% of what I was taught was wrong.

In my training, I was taught that high cholesterol was a risk factor for heart disease. Furthermore, I was taught that a high triglyceride level was also a risk factor for heart disease. It was drilled into every medical student’s head that a lower cholesterol was always better than a higher one.

Folks, what I was taught about cholesterol was 100% wrong. What I was not taught was that approximately 50% of people who suffer heart attacks have normal cholesterol levels. Furthermore, I was not taught that a higher cholesterol level was predictive of a longer life span in the elderly. Nor was I taught that lowering cholesterol levels with cholesterol-lowering medications fails well over 97% of the patients who takes them.

A recent study in Critical Care Medicine (43:1255-1264, 2015) is titled, “Lipid Paradox in Acute Myocardial Infarction- The Association with 30-Day In-Hospital Mortality.” This study followed 724 hospitalized patients who suffered an acute heart attack (i.e., myocardial infarction). The scientists attempted to clarify the relationship between the lipid profiles and the 30-day mortality in patients who suffered a heart attack.

The authors found that those with lower LDL-cholesterol and triglyceride levels had a significantly elevated mortality risk when compared to patients with higher LDL-cholesterol and triglyceride levels. In fact, lower LDL-cholesterol less than 110 mmg/dl and triglyceride less than 62.5 mmg/dl were identified as optimal threshold values for predicting 30-day mortality. The lower LDL-cholesterol level was associated with a 65% increased mortality and the lower triglyceride level was associated with a 405% increased mortality. Furthermore, as compared to patients with LDL-cholesterol levels >110mg/dl and triglycerides >62.5 mg/dl, those with lowered LDL and triglyceride levels had a 990% (or 10.9x) increased risk for mortality.

Why would lowered cholesterol and triglyceride levels be associated with a higher mortality rate? Fats from triglycerides are a major energy source and LDL-cholesterol is critical for cell membrane synthesis and is needed to fight infections. Adequate LDL-cholesterol and triglyceride levels may be critical for cell function and survival in the case of a heart attack—as well as in other conditions.

Folks, we have been hoodwinked to believe that we must all take cholesterol-lowering medications in order to prevent and/or treat heart disease. People do not get heart disease because their cholesterol level is elevated. Remember, 50% of patients who suffer a heart attack have normal cholesterol levels.

I have written extensively about the failure and danger of statin drugs in my book, The Statin Disaster. If you are taking or contemplating taking a statin medication, I would encourage you to educate yourself about what statins do in the body. Unfortunately, you cannot depend on your doctor to give you a balanced view of statins as most do not understand how statins poison the human biochemistry and the adverse effects associated with their use. I feel, since they fail the vast majority who take them—over 97%–and they are associated with serious adverse effects, statins should be pulled from the market place.

Remember, you are ultimately responsible for your medical decisions. The patients with the best results are the patients who take an active role in their health care decisions and educated themselves about the risks and benefits of any treatment.

Read the full article and comment here.

(1) Am Heart J. 2009;157(1):111–117.e2",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32437,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

The Depart of Justice issues a report on vaccine injuries and deaths every quarter to the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines (click on “Meeting Book PDF – 11 MB” and start reading at page 51.). This March 5, 2015 report states that there were 117 cases for vaccine injuries and deaths compensated from 11/16/2014 to 2/15/2015.

92 of the settlements were listed in the report, giving the name of the vaccines, the injury, and the amount of time the case was pending before settlement. Five of those settlements were for deaths linked to vaccines, with three deaths related to the flu shot. 73 of the 92 settlements were for injuries and deaths due to the flu shot, and the majority of flu shot injuries were for Guillain-Barré Syndrome.

These quarterly reports on vaccine injuries and death settlements from the U.S. vaccine court are seldom, if ever, reported in the mainstream media. We report them here at Health Impact News. Here is the March 5, 2015 report:

Most of the U.S. Public is Unaware of the Vaccine Court

In November of 2014 the Government Accounting Office (GAO) issued the first report on America’s “Vaccine Court,” known as the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (NVICP), in almost 15 years. Most citizens of the United States are not even aware that there is something called the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, and that if you suffer harm or death due to a vaccine, that you cannot sue the manufacturer of the vaccine, but you must sue the Federal Government and try to obtain compensation from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund, which is funded by taxes paid on vaccines.

The November 2014 GAO report criticized the government for not making the public more aware that this program exists, and that there are funds available for vaccine injuries. Therefore, the settlements represented by vaccine injuries and deaths included in the DOJ report probably represent a small fraction of the actual vaccine injuries and deaths occurring in America today.

The Federal Vaccine Court is Not Helping Victims of Vaccine Injuries and Vaccine Deaths

But even for those families and individuals who are aware of the NVICP, fighting a legal battle that can take years to get access to the funds ensures that many who do file claims never get any of the funds reserved for vaccine injuries. That fund, the Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund, is currently over $$3.5 billion, largely because the U.S. Government refuses to even hear cases related to autism which would quickly deplete the fund. (See: How the Government has Earned $$3.5 BILLION from the Claim that Vaccines Don’t Cause Autism.)

Wayne Rohde, author of the book The Vaccine Court: The Dark Truth of America’s Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, explains how the NVICP is no longer a viable justice venue for the vaccine injured as Congress intended it to be. (See: GAO Report on Vaccine Court Reveals Vaccine Injured Victims Not Being Helped.)

Lies, Fraud, and Corruption Mar U.S. Vaccine Policy

The unified message presented by the U.S. mainstream media and certain government agencies is that vaccines are safe.

This is a lie. Vaccines are dangerous. People are injured and killed by vaccines, and the quarterly reports from the DOJ, which probably reflects a very small percentage of the actual cases, clearly reflect that inherent danger.

So many people were being injured and killed by vaccines in the 1980s, that the pharmaceutical companies petitioned Congress to pass legislation giving them legal immunity from cases in civil court. They basically blackmailed Congress by threatening to get out of the vaccine business if such legislation was not passed.

Congress obliged in 1986, and today we have the NVICP, while new vaccines entering this “protected” and “guaranteed” market have soared. The largest purchaser of vaccines is the CDC, purchasing over $$4 billion worth of vaccines a year.

In addition, the U.S. Government holds patents on some vaccines, and earns royalties on them, such as the Gardasil vaccine. Julie Gerberding was in charge of the CDC from 2002 to 2009, which includes the years the FDA approved Gardasil as a vaccine. Soon after she took over the CDC, she reportedly completely overhauled the agency’s organizational structure, and many of the CDC’s senior scientists and leaders either left or announced plans to leave. Some have claimed that almost all of the replacements Julie Gerberding appointed had ties to the vaccine industry.

Gerberding resigned from the CDC on January 20, 2009, and is now the president of Merck’s Vaccine division, a 5 billion dollar a year operation, and the supplier of the largest number of vaccines the CDC recommends (article here).

In 2014 Dr. William Thompson, a senior epidemiologist at the CDC who co-authored and published research on the MMR vaccine for the CDC back in 2004, made the decision to become a whistleblower and reveal data that was concealed by the CDC linking the MMR vaccine to autism among African American boys. In addition, Merck has been involved in a long federal lawsuit with allegations of fraud over the mumps portion of the MMR vaccine, in a case filed back in 2010 by two whistleblowers, virologists who worked for Merck. Merck has apparently tried hard to get this case thrown out of court, and keep this news out of the media, but late in 2014 a federal judge finally ruled that the case is to move forward. (See: Why is the Mainstream Media Ignoring Measles Vaccine Fraud Cases?)

Conclusion: Do Not Trust what the Government Says About Vaccines

The U.S. government has massive conflicts of interest where it concerns policies related to the vaccine industry. Before you make a potential life-changing decision for you or your children by agreeing to be vaccinated, do your own research. The government cannot be trusted on vaccine matters, and the mainstream media and many doctors are also not doing their own research related to the vaccine industry. Be informed and educated regarding vaccines, before you become a statistic among the vaccine injured and dead.

Previous DOJ reports on vaccine injuries and deaths.

Read this article and comment at VaccineImpact.com

Saying NO To Vaccines

By Dr. Sherri Tenpenny

You have legal options!

More Info

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1721,"by Barbara Loe Fisher

The Vaccine Reaction

India’s Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported that it has investigated approximately 18,000 cases of Acute Flaccid Paralysis (AFP) in the country since January 2015 as part of its national polio surveillance program, established in 1997, and that all of the cases have tested negative for poliovirus. Some 50,000 cases of AFP are being detected annually in India.1 2

According to a press release issued by the Ministry:

India is polio-free. The country reported its last case of wild poliovirus in 2011. After three consecutive polio-free years, the South-East Asia Region of WHO, comprising of 11 countries (including India), was certified polio-free on 27 March 2014. Despite this progress, India has maintained a high vigil and ensured that no complacency sets in order to maintain the polio-free status for the last more than 4 years. It has taken appropriate actions to ensure high population immunity against polio as well as for maintaining a sensitive surveillance system for poliovirus detection.1

Following two decades of repeated child vaccination campaigns using OPV in India, the World Health Organization (WHO) in early 2014 pronounced India “free” of wild-type polio. The controversial declaration comes at a time when India has been experiencing a huge increase in reported cases of non-polio AFP (NPAFP).3

In 2004, 12,000 cases of non-polio paralysis were reported but that number had increased by 2012 to 53,563 cases for a national rate of 12 per 100,000 children. Two pediatricians in India compiled data from the polio surveillance program and discovered a link between the increase in OPV use among children during stepped-up polio eradication campaigns and the increasing cases of NPAFP among children.

In a 2012 article published in a medical ethics journal,4 the doctors stated, “Clinically indistinguishable from polio paralysis but twice as deadly, the incidence of NPAFP was directly proportional to doses of oral polio received.” Because polio is among the more than 200 related viruses in the Picornaviridae family of enteroviruses, the doctors suggested that public health officials investigate “the influence of strain shifts of enteropathogens induced by the [polio] vaccine given practically every month.”

Although not nearly as prevalent as in India, NPAFP cases are also occurring in the U.S. In early 2014, neurologists at Stanford and University of California reported five cases of sudden paralysis of one or more limbs in children ages two to 16—all fully vaccinated against polio—and the California Department of Health of Health began investigating 20 more similar cases. Two of the five children tested positive for enterovirus-68 (EV68).5

During the summer of 2014, many more apparently healthy American children in several states, including Colorado, Missouri, Michigan and Massachusetts, were reported to be suddenly stricken with paralysis after developing cold and flu-like symptoms. Several died and, although some of the cases were associated with EV68, others were not.6

Like polio, other enteroviruses are transmitted through shedding of virus in respiratory and gastrointestinal body secretions. Most of the time an enterovirus infection is asymptomatic or there are mild flu-like symptoms that do not progress to paralysis or other serious complications.7 Rarely enterovirus infections like EV68 will cause inflammation of the brain (meningitis, encephalitis), paralysis and death.

The exact cause of the cases of NPAFP among children in California, most of whom were born after 1999 and presumably were given shots of inactivated polio vaccine (IAV), has not been determined. Similarly in India, there has been no determination by government health officials about why there has been a recent dramatic increase in paralysis among tens of thousands of children that country.

Read the full article here.

See Also:

References:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43780,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

When I read an article in The Atlantic recently with the title: Living Sick and Dying Young in Rich America – Chronic illness is the new first-world problem – it caught my attention. This is the kind of topic we cover on a regular basis here at Health Impact News, but seldom do you read about it in the mainstream media.

There are 3 things that are rather astonishing about the sad state of health in America today:

1. We’re sicker than previous generations, and most of us know it.

2. We don’t seem to care about it too much. It is not headline news.

3. There doesn’t seem to be much motivation to change this fact: it seems to have been accepted as the new “norm.”

Last year, we reported about a study funded by the government and your tax dollars which clearly showed that the United States ranks #1 on healthcare spending, but last in life expectancy among wealthy nations (See: U.S. Ranks First in Healthcare Spending – Last in Life Expectancy). The mainstream media barely even covered this story, and even here at Health Impact News it was probably not even in the top 100 stories read from everything we published last year.

The sad fact seems to be that most Americans have adopted an attitude that the current health situation in the U.S. cannot be changed.

For those few of you who have not drunk the Kool Aid, and still believe you do have control over your health and have choices you can make to live a healthier life, then this article by John Thomas identifying the problems and solutions is for you.

Please understand that if enough Americans understand that the healthcare system (which is not really a “healthcare” system at all but a MEDICAL system) is the primary problem and take measures to avoid it, that it would absolutely destroy our economy, since so much of it is dependent on sick people. But maybe our economy is heading for destruction anyway, so don’t let that threat stop you from making healthy choices today.

Is it Normal to be Sick?

by John P. Thomas

Is it normal to be sick? Many people think so, but it hasn’t always been this way. What was life like before we became dependent on modern pharmaceutical drugs, major medical centers, and health insurance? If we turn back the clock a hundred and fifty years, we will hardly find anything that looks like the modern medical system. Did previous generations live in the dark ages of medicine, or is the modern age of chronic degenerative illness and modern pharmaceutical drugs actually a dark age of medicine?

I remember overhearing a conversation while waiting for a table in a restaurant some 25 years ago. A grandmother was talking to her 10 year old grandson. She must not have seen him for a while, so she began by asking one of those general types of questions to get the conversation started. “How are you feeling?” Without hesitation, her grandson started discussing his various health problems, which included allergies, asthma, fatigue, etc. In a grandmotherly voice filled with sympathy and concern, she gave a reply that sticks in my mind to this day. She said, “I understand — we all have something wrong with us.” She went on to tell him that we are all sick and we have to learn to live with it. I don’t know if her words were entirely true then, but they are most certainly true today! We are sick and getting sicker, and we are all being taught to live with it.

Here we are 25 years later and despite all the medical and pharmaceutical advances that have taken place in the United States, we are sicker than ever. How many people do you know who are not taking one or more prescription medications? How many people do you know who do not have a medical diagnosis for some chronic illness? How many people do you know who are not being treated for some condition that requires periodic trips to the doctor to monitor disease progression and to adjust medications? How many people do you know who struggle with paying for medications? If I count the people I know, who do not fall into the groups I just mentioned, I can count them on the fingers of one hand. How about the people you know?

The purpose of this article is to examine how we respond to our illnesses and to questions whether our pharmaceutical drugs and system of healthcare is making us sicker than we need to be.

Does the Healthcare System in the United States Lead the World?

We certainly lead the world in the amount of dollars spent on healthcare. We spend 2.5 times more per person per year than is spent in any other country on Earth for healthcare.1

Does the Money we Spend for Healthcare Make Us the Healthiest people in the World?

The New York Times recently revealed how our healthcare system compares to other countries.

“In the Social Progress Index, the United States excels in access to advanced education but ranks 70th in health, 69th in ecosystem sustainability, 39th in basic education, 34th in access to water and sanitation and 31st in personal safety.”2

The United States is sitting in the 70th position down from the top of the list for the category of health when compared to other countries. Let’s look at the details of how we compare to other wealthy countries.

The Panel on Understanding Cross-National Health Differences Among High-Income Countries, compared the health of people living in the United States with people living in other high income countries, which included Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom. They reported:

Over this time period, we uncovered a strikingly consistent and pervasive pattern of higher mortality and inferior health in the United States, beginning at birth: … For many years, Americans have had a shorter life expectancy than people in almost all of the peer countries. For example, as of 2007, U.S. males lived 3.7 fewer years than Swiss males and U.S. females lived 5.2 fewer years than Japanese females.3

We have the most expensive healthcare system in the world, which should make us the healthiest people on Earth, but this is not the case.

Why are We so Sick?

The short answer is we are sick because of prescription drugs, vaccines, a high carbohydrate diet, refined and processed food, genetically engineered food, pesticides contamination of food, environmental toxins, and electromagnetic smog, just to name a few. We are sick, because we have been trained to believe that the condition of our health is outside of our control, and we do not have responsibility for our poor health. We are sick, because we have been taught to believe that there is a pill for every illness and for every conditions of life that we don’t want to experience. We are sick, because disinformation campaigns attack the use of medical diets that can reverse the progression of many chronic degenerative illnesses. We are sick because the use of less toxic and more effective alternatives treatments for chronic illness are suppressed by the FDA and the pharmaceutical industry.

“Despite the fact that America shells out more money on healthcare than any other country in the world, according to a report by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—and a hefty 75 percent of those dollars are going toward aiding people with chronic conditions—almost half of American adults had at least one chronic condition in 2005.”4

The existence of chronic illness leads to massive expenditures for pharmaceutical medications. The pharmaceutical companies want us to believe that taking large numbers of their medications is normal and should be an expected part of life. Is it normal to start taking a high cost dangerous medication such as statin drugs when a person is 20 years old with the plan that it will be taken for the rest of a person’s life when the medication has been scientifically proven to be ineffective for preventing disease?5 Is it reasonable for 23% of women in their 40s and 50s to be taking antidepressants when these drugs cause serious long-term damage to physical health, which will then require the prescription of other numerous medications?6 Some people think it is reasonable and desirable, but not everyone!

Who Wants the Continual use of Prescription Medication to be a Normal Part of Life?

“The number of prescriptions taken by Americans increased 72 percent from 1997 to 2007. In fact nearly 4 billion prescriptions were filled in 2007, with an average of nearly 13 prescriptions filled by each and every American, according to the New York Times.”7

When my father-in-law was 90 years old, he was simultaneously taking 27 different prescription medications. One day when we were filling his weekly pill minder with his drugs, it began to dawn on him that these medicines were killing him. Even though he suspected that the drugs were doing harm, he didn’t have the strength to ask his doctor to cut back on the number. After all, his doctor said he should take them. And he had put his faith in his doctor.

“From 1997 to 2007, the number of prescriptions filled had increased 72 percent, to 3.8 billion last year. In the same period, the average number of prescriptions filled by each person in this country increased from 8.9 a year in 1997 to 12.6 in 2007.”8

Obviously, the pharmaceutical industry wants to keep increasing sales of its products. That is the nature of business. They market their products to physicians to keep the prescriptions flowing to the pharmacies, and they encourage us through advertising to keep on asking for more and more drugs.

Are you “Addicted” to Your Doctor and to the Pills He or She Recommends?

Many Americans accept their poor health as normal. They have become accustomed to feeling ill, and behave as if being sick is normal. Whenever they feel a symptom, they run to the doctor to see what is wrong. Even if the doctor doesn’t offer a prescription, they will ask for a pill anyway. They will often remind their doctor that they saw an ad on TV that described just what they have. They are unhappy unless they get a prescription, which helps them feel that the doctor’s visit was worthwhile even if they don’t feel any better after taking the pills.

Did you ever think about what life would be like if there were no pharmaceutical drugs, no major medical centers, no federal funds for research, and no health insurance programs?

A hundred and fifty years ago, most every small town in America had a local doctor. He was the medical care system. He delivered babies, fixed broken bones, amputated limbs, prescribed medicines, and sometimes even manufactured medicines. He was the primary care physician, the emergency room, hospital, hospice staff, and sometimes the pharmacy all rolled into one. He did not need to treat cancer with radiation, chemo- therapy, or surgery, because people rarely got cancer. He didn’t need to figure out how to help autistic children, because autism was nonexistent. He did not need to figure out what kind of drug to give children with learning disabilities, hyperactivity disorders, or attention deficits, because children rarely had such problems. Yes, people got old, got sick, and died, but they did it without the modern medical system. Does complete dependency upon the modern medical system and the products of the pharmaceutical industry truly make us healthier, or have we just been conditioned to believe that we can’t live without that system as it currently exists?

Is the Pharmaceutical Industry Making Us Healthier, or are its drugs Actually Making Us Sicker?

Dr. Mercola answers this question this way:

There were nearly 4.6 million drug-related visits to emergency rooms in the United States in 2009, with more than half due to adverse reactions to prescription medications – most of which were being taken exactly as prescribed. The fact of the matter is, as echoed by a study released by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMSHA), it is a mistake to assume there’s no risk in prescribed medicines! As Sayer Ji writes on GreenMedInfo.com:

“The “medicines” themselves are often devoid of intrinsic value, being nothing more than rebranded and re-purposed chemicals, intended (though all too often failing) to be administered in sub-lethal concentrations. Indeed, many of these chemicals are too toxic to be legally released into the environment, and should never be administered intentionally to a human who is already sick. You need look no farther than a typical drug package insert to find proof that the side effects of most drugs far outnumber their purported beneficial effects.”

Medical care is actually one of the leading causes of death in the U.S., with medical errors, adverse drug reactions, and hospital-acquired infections killing an unacceptable number of Americans each and every day! Drug-related ER visits jumped by more than half between 2004 and 2008, stirring health officials to look for ways to stop what has become a near-epidemic that often ends in death.9

Sure, we may have one of the best systems for treating acute surgical emergencies, but the American medical system is an unmitigated failure at treating chronic illness.

Conventional medicine, which is focused on diagnostic tests, drugs, and surgical interventions for most ills, clearly kills more people than it saves.10

There are some pharmaceutical drugs that can be helpful with acute conditions, but when it comes to long-term chronic illness, we should beware of the mass marketed pharmaceutical drugs that are marketed on TV, in magazines, and in physicians’ offices.

Can You Give Me a Pill for That?

So, what are we to do about all the problems that we see with pharmaceutical drugs? Let’s focus on the first and foremost level of importance. It has to do with the personal choices we make regarding our use of pharmaceuticals. Do we remain passive, or do we take responsibility?

Do we put physicians up on pedestals and follow their every command, or do we ask questions about recommended drug therapies?

Do we seek to find the cause of our health problems and address it, or do we only look for a pill that will cover up the symptoms?

Do we do our own research to investigate other options for treating our health problems and the problems of our children?

Do we look for less toxic non-pharmaceutical alternatives to the drugs that physicians commonly prescribe?

Do we seek to find physicians who will work with us as we jointly seek to find less invasive, less toxic, and less costly alternatives to pharmaceuticals and high-tech medical treatments and procedures?

We can learn to make different choices regarding how we respond to our illnesses. But, we must first take responsibility for our health, and refuse to believe the lie that “we are all sick and we just need to learn to live with it.”

But I would Rather have a Pill!

If you would rather have a pill for what ails you, and obey every word that proceeds from the mouth of your doctor, then you will end up becoming a captive participant in healthcare American style. The choice is yours. Some people will choose to take pharmaceutical drugs and will refuse to do anything that would involve making changes to their diet or lifestyle. Some will prefer to accept the risks of pharmaceutical drugs and the modern medical system while clinging to the high carbohydrate standard American diet with its factory farms and genetically modified foods. Some would rather get in line and use a healthcare system that too often destroys health rather than helping people build it up. For those who follow this path, the outcome is predictable – obesity, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, Alzheimer’s, and years of suffering in a nursing home prior to death.

I am encouraging each of us to examine our relationship to the modern healthcare system and to decide whether we want to give ourselves over to that system, or not. Do you choose to use the remaining freedom that you still have for making decisions about your own healthcare or do you wish to passively turn over your decision making to others? What decisions have you been making, and what decisions will you make in the future?

References

1. “U.S. Ranks First in Healthcare Spending – Last in Life Expectancy,” Health Impact News, 2013. http://healthimpactnews.com/2013/u-s-ranks-first-in-healthcare-spending-last-in-life-expectancy/

2. “We’re Not No. 1! We’re Not No. 1!,” NYTimes.com, 4/3/2014. http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/03/opinion/were-not-no-1-were-not-no-1.html?emc=edit_th_20140403&nl=todaysheadlines&nlid=67570349

3. “U.S. Ranks First in Healthcare Spending – Last in Life Expectancy,” Health Impact News, 2013. http://healthimpactnews.com/2013/u-s-ranks-first-in-healthcare-spending-last-in-life-expectancy/

4. “Living Sick and Dying Young in Rich America,” Leah Sottile, The Atlantic, 12/19/2013. http://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2013/12/living-sick-and-dying-young-in-rich-america/282495/

5. “Statins – Are YOU Taking These Dangerous Cholesterol Drugs?” mercola.com. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2010/07/20/the-truth-about-statin-drugs-revealed.aspx

6. “Astounding increase in antidepressant use by Americans,” . Peter Wehrwein, Contributor, Harvard Health, Harvard Health Blog, Harvard Health Publications, Posted 10/20/2011. http://www.health.harvard.edu/blog/astounding-increase-in-antidepressant-use-by-americans-201110203624

7. “In Sour Economy, Some Scale Back on Medications,” STEPHANIE SAUL, NYTimes.com, 10/21/2008. http://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/22/business/22drug.html?_r=2&fta=y&#articleBodyLink

8. IBID.

9. “Drug-Driven Medical Care Sacrificing People’s Lives?” mercola.com, 5/23/2012. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/05/23/can-medicine-cause-death.aspx

10. “Preventable Medical Errors: Third Cause of Death in the US,” mercola.com, 10/9/2013. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/10/09/preventable-medical-errors.aspx

Free Shipping Available for this book!

Learn More",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32396,"by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

There is nothing more basic to our physical health and longevity than the quality of the food we eat. Even the functioning of our minds is directly influenced by what we eat and drink.

Those of us who understand this reality place great emphasis on being free to buy the foods of our choice from the sources of our choice without interference by government regulators.

What is “Food Freedom?”

Selecting food and consuming food based on personal preference is the key principle at the heart of the food freedom movement.

However, our access to quality food is increasingly being limited by state and federal regulations. The lobbying efforts of Big Ag, Big Chem, mega food processors, mega food retailers, and other well-funded marketing entities, are working to repress our rights to purchase the food of our choice. They exert their influence in the U.S. Congress, in federal agencies, in state legislatures, and in the state agencies that are in charge of public health and agriculture.

Those who believe in food freedom contend that consumers should have the right to buy locally produced food from whomever they wish whether or not the food producer is inspected, licensed, or otherwise regulated by federal or state officials.

Corporation lobbyist and state regulators insist that such freedom is dangerous and that the government must protect the population from food related illness and death.

Several states have been in the forefront of what is unfolding as the “food freedom movement.” These states include: Maine, Wyoming, and North Dakota.

Those engaged in the process of establishing food freedom laws are not saying that we should eliminate food inspection programs. On the contrary, they believe such laws are needed for food produced by large corporations.

Their concern involves locally produced food that is sold locally. This is the kind of food that a family farm produces or the kind of food prepared in a home kitchen. This is food that is produced and sold directly to people in the local community.

It is about one neighbor having the freedom to sell food to another neighbor.

This article will examine the food freedom movement and will consider whether the allegations of corporate interests are valid. Should we be free to buy and sell food directly from our neighbors, or will such practices kill us?

I am not being overly dramatic with my language here. Allegations against local food freedom advocates are highly charged with emotional rhetoric, and warn of inescapable illness and death.

Fundamental Questions at the Heart of the Food Freedom Movement

Why should we be concerned about food freedom? Does it harm anyone? Why should we be free to buy locally produced food? Why is the existing system of food inspection simply not appropriate for controlling the activities of family farms in America? Finally, if food freedom is a good idea, then how can we implement food freedom laws in our states?

I recently interviewed four food freedom experts. I will be sharing their remarks throughout this article and will let them answer these questions for us.

Locally Produced Food has a Safe Track Record

Peter Kennedy, an attorney with the Farm to Consumer Legal Defense Fund, summarizes the battle for food freedom. He and the other board members of the Farm to Consumer Legal Defense Fund (FCLDF) are working to defend the rights and broaden the freedoms of family farms. The FCLDF is working hard to protect consumer access to raw milk and nutrient dense foods.

According to the other food freedom advocates I interviewed, the guidance of Peter Kennedy has been extremely important to their efforts. In my interview with Peter Kennedy, he stated:

I think locally produced food, [whether] regulated or unregulated, has a better track record for safety than food coming out of the industrial system. A lot of the imported food coming in [to the US] today isn’t regulated — it is coming from five to 10 thousand miles away. … [Most] regulations are geared toward the industrial system. They are not as well suited for local food. I think the best regulations for local and direct producer to consumer interactions — is no regulation. [1]

Food freedom advocates such as Peter Kennedy are describing old-fashion food commerce.

A hundred or more years ago, people had food freedom. They bought and sold food to one another without regulation.

Despite what the current generation of government officials believe, our great-great-grandparents were intelligent. If they bought food from a neighbor and they got sick, then they would discuss the matter with their neighbor or would simply stop buying food from that person.

Are we so stupid today that we can’t make our own decisions about food safety without government interference? Should we be so suspicious of our local farmers and food producers that we shouldn’t trust them to sell us clean and uncontaminated food?

Definition of Food Freedom

LeAnn Harner, a dairy goat farmer from North Dakota, gave me her perspective on food freedom when I interviewed her for this article. She was one of the key advocates who encouraged the state legislature to pass a food freedom law in her state this year. The law will go into effect on August 1, 2017.

LeAnn Harner described what food freedom means to her. She stated:

To me it means that producers and consumers have the right to freely exchange anything that they make without the government interfering. You also have the responsibility on both sides to properly handle that food, to provide complete disclosure, and to properly care for that food. If I as a consumer go to a farmer’s market, I don’t buy milk and eggs and meat, and then leave it in a hot car for a couple hours while I decide to see a movie. I get my food into a cooler and make sure the food is in a cool place, and I get it home as soon as possible. Safe handling, safe transport, and of course proper reheating are all important. [2]

The Agenda of Those Who Oppose Food Freedom

Food related corporations, federal regulators, and state level agriculture and health department officials, want us to be suspicious of our neighbors. They want us to doubt our own intelligence and ability to discern food quality. They want to scare us away from farmers markets and to convince us that we should spend all of our food dollars in warehouse size grocery stores that are the primary distribution system for their food. They don’t want to see dollars circulating at the local level.

In the state of Wyoming, for example, it was estimated in 2015 that 98% of the food sold in Wyoming was brought into the state. [3]

I asked Peter Kennedy about the strategies we can use to speak out against the message and the agenda of these groups. He summarized the matter quite simply. He stated:

I think one way is to expose their real agenda, which is to suppress competition under the guise of food safety and health regulations.

Aren’t the groups who speak out against food freedom just trying to protect us? Aren’t food regulations necessary to keep us safe from food related illness?

Comprehensive Food Regulation is a Belief System and a Way of Life for Bureaucrats

Nearly 40 years ago, when I was being indoctrinated into the public health belief system in graduate school, I was convinced that food regulations and inspections were saving thousands of lives every year.

I didn’t doubt that milk should be pasteurized and meat had to be processed by government sanctioned processing facilities to ensure that it was safe.

I now know that pasteurization simply covers up sloppy unsanitary milk production, and commercial fresh meats are commonly contaminated with fecal matter and bacteria despite the presence of onsite FDA inspectors.

Since then, I have come to realize that the one-size regulation system is simply not appropriate for all types of food production and distribution. The scale of food production and the method of food sales must be taken into account in order to establish meaningful regulations, and as Peter Kennedy noted, the best regulation in some cases is “no regulation.”

As imperfect as food inspections might be, these inspections have their place when it comes to factory style farming operations, industrial size animal processing centers, and huge food processing and manufacturing facilities.

I can’t imagine what would happen if these corporations were free from oversight.

However, the regulations that address these types of operations are poorly suited for food production and preparation that takes place on a small family farm or in a home kitchen.

We Didn’t Always have Food Regulations

Believe it or not, people safely raised and processed food and sold it to their friends and neighbors for thousands of years without anyone looking over their shoulders and saying “you are approved to sell food.” These local farm-to-consumer sales were the backbone of the local economy throughout the world.

The freedom we once had to sell food raised on our farms or prepared in our own kitchens has slowly been eroding over the last century. It wasn’t that long ago that people could freely buy and sell food in their local communities without passing through the hoop of state or federal regulations.

When I interviewed Heather Retberg, a farmer and food freedom advocate from Maine, she described how food freedom functions in her community.

She and her husband have a 105-acre grass-based farm where they raise dairy cows, goats, laying hens, meat chickens, and pigs. They also produce value-added products such as cheese and yogurt. She stated:

I live in a town of about 1,200 people. We really still operate in very many ways on handshake integrity, and on direct feedback loops and accountability. If there is any type of quality issue with anything that we are doing at our farm, then our customers come right down our driveway. They stand in my kitchen while I package their cheese. They feel very open about telling me if there is an issue that needs to be addressed, and then we can address it very quickly and directly. In general, our farming community is one of high integrity. No one starts selling food without knowing what they are doing and educating themselves about food safety. I don’t think anyone cares more about food safety than farmers and small food producers. When they talk about food safety in the state capitol, they are talking about stainless steel, the number of drains you have, and making sure you have three sinks and not two. When we are thinking about food safety we are thinking about animal husbandry that begins with tending the soil to make sure our soils are biologically active and are going to be growing healthy food for the animals, which in turn will be healthy [for us]. [4]

Food Safety Laws at the Local Level Promote Extreme Dysfunction

Let me give you a personal example of how state food safety regulations have reached the point of ridiculousness.

My wife and I were shopping at a local farmers market several years ago. My wife and another shopper both laid their eyes on a giant head of cauliflower. They started talking about how beautiful it was – freshly picked pristine white and nearly a foot in diameter.

They both wanted to buy it, but both women realized that it was bigger than they could use. The farmer who grew the cauliflower said:

“Well you could buy it together and then cut it in half.” She then added, “I have a knife that you can use, but I can’t cut it for you, because of regulations. If I cut it, then I would be selling processed food and I am not licensed to do that.”

While the three women worked out the purchase and division of the cauliflower, I pondered the silliness of what I just heard. A farmer can’t take a knife and cut a raw vegetable in half because some well-meaning bureaucrat believes such a practice would endanger the health of consumers.

I am sure that the farmer was not misinformed, because she was the farmer’s market coordinator.

The ability to cut a cauliflower in half and sell it to two customers without playing games like I just described strikes at the heart of food freedom. It is about buying and selling food in our local communities without state or federal rules and regulation.

Food Regulations Don’t Prevent Catastrophic Food Poisoning and Death

Rules and regulations are desirable and necessary for factory produced food, which is the source of most foodborne illness. If you need to be convinced of this point, then I refer you to the following articles. Even with the existing complex set of federal and state regulations, illnesses, hospitalizations, and deaths are not prevented.

Illnesses from Raw Milk Less Severe than Illnesses and Deaths due to Pasteurized Milk

25 Million Pounds of Beef Is Recalled – The New York Times

Third Lawsuit Filed Against Chipotle for Salmonella-Tainted Tomatoes | Food Poison Journal

Last Patient is Released in Jack in the Box Case – NYTimes.com (E. Coli in hamburger)

Home Produced Food is Rarely Contaminated

In contrast to massive food contamination involving millions of pounds of food, locally produced food is rarely contaminated. Even food made in uninspected home kitchens and sold to the public is almost never a problem.

Heather Retberg gave this response when I asked her whether there have been any cases of food-related illnesses or deaths reported to the state of Maine as a result of the Food Sovereignty ordinances that have been adopted by 18 of its towns. She stated:

NO. And this is the question that we were asking the department. That is also one of the questions that a legislator asked the head of the department during the most recent public hearings. He was specifically asking if there had been any illnesses or deaths reported from raw milk in the state of Maine, and there hadn’t been. That was the departments own admission. We do have, if you want to call it that, a 6-year track record in all of these communities which have passed these ordinances. We continue to exchange the food the way we always have, and of course, nothing has come up.

LeAnn Harner explained how the food freedom initiative in North Dakota handled the concerns about potential food poisoning. She stated:

We went back through 27 years of foodborne illness in the state, those were the ones that were available on the department of health website. We looked at the incidences where there was foodborne illness that they thought was based in a home. Of course, most of those cases they report never definitively determine a source — they just have suspect foods. I think there was one case where home baked goods were a problem. And we just pointed this out to legislators. We said, look, this really isn’t much of an issue. We all go to school bake sales. We go to church functions where food was made in the home, and we just don’t have outbreaks of foodborne illness. At some point, common sense has to prevail. This [message] really gets out with the legislature.

Opponents of Food Freedom Use Fear to Manipulate the Public

Those who oppose food sovereignty are promoting an agenda of fear. They are basically saying, “Watch out! Locally produced food is dangerous!”

I asked Betsy Garrold, a professional political activist from Maine, who is one of the key leaders in Maine’s food freedom/sovereignty movement, to respond to this type of warning. She stated:

That’s what all the argument is about. If we let small farmers feed their neighbors they are going to kill them all with food poisoning. That’s what they keep saying. I got rather snippy with my testimony [to the Maine legislative committee] this year. I called it slanderous to say that small farmers would poison their neighbors. [5]

Maine is Working on Food Freedom from the Bottom Up

In Maine, the food freedom movement truly began at the local level.

The dominant political structure in most of Maine is local town government. County government plays a limited role in managing the rules by which people live.

There is a very different form of local decision making in Maine. In the small towns of Maine, all of the adults gather once a year in a town meeting to discuss and adopt the town budget and to make rules for the people of the town. This is possible because many towns only have 500 to 2,000 residents. Government is truly by the people for the people.

It was in this context that Maine’s food freedom movement was born. In the towns which pursued food freedom, they used the term food sovereignty to describe the rights they established for their communities.

Maine is also somewhat unique in that it has what is known as a home rule amendment to the state constitution. The home rule amendment establishes a legal framework through which Mainers can exercise the right to make their own rules for their towns without state legislative approval.

In an article published by the Portland Press Herald, the author describes the unique nature of the attitudes and organization of town government in Maine. The article stated:

Mainers, reformers have often discovered, are as committed to local control as they are to frugal, effective governance. … Leave New England and certain swaths of the country settled by New Englanders, and you will find the country is not divided up into towns as we understand them here. Instead, a “town” or “city” is a compact incorporated area, a clump of self-governance usually floating in a vast unincorporated sea that doesn’t belong to a municipality at all. [6]

In Maine, town government exercises the same level of control over life in the community as we would see in large cities or in county government elsewhere in the United States. The difference is that all property owners have the right to vote on every matter that affects the town during an annual town meeting.

The Portland Press Herald article went on to describe an attitude that is common among Mainers. They stated:

New Englanders didn’t fear their government because, in a very real sense, they were the government. After the American Revolution, strong local government took on new importance. Many Americans shared Thomas Jefferson’s fears that the new republic would be destroyed from within, that a homegrown aristocracy would spring up to replace the one the revolution had just overthrown. Jefferson argued that the best way to avoid tyranny was to devolve as much power as possible to local communities, and that the most resilient democracy would be a network of small towns wherein people were self-employed producers – farmers, fishermen and tradesmen – and inherited privilege, by wealth or birth, was not to be tolerated. Jefferson made his arguments from the Virginia Tidewater, a region with an aristocratic tradition and an almost total absence of towns, self-governing or otherwise. Although New Englanders were opposed to his political party, Jefferson extolled the virtues of their town meeting system, calling it “the wisest invention ever devised by the wit of man for the perfect exercise of self-government, and for its preservation.” [7]

Using Home Rule to Claim Food Freedom

A town in Maine cannot use the home rule to enact ordinances that are specifically prohibited by the state of Maine.

However, the state of Maine passes many laws that cover matters that are of direct concern to its towns, and the simple existence of a law does not prevent the town from doing what its citizens believe is best for the town. [8]

The state of Maine has laws and regulations governing food inspection. However, 18 towns have determined that it is in their best interest to adopt food sovereignty ordinances that provide what they believe to be a better way of managing the direct sale of food between food consumers and food producers.

I asked Betsy Garrold to describe what happens when a town in Maine passes the food sovereignty ordinance. She stated:

If a town passes the ordinance, they get a letter from the Maine Municipal Association and the state of Maine that basically says this isn’t legal, and all of the towns have chosen to ignore those letters. I don’t foresee the Agriculture Department ever suing a town, though they might decide to sue another [local food] producer, especially because of the way the Maine Supreme Court ruled in the Dan Brown case. [9] I think they know they don’t really have a leg to stand on. So, in the 18 towns people are selling food among themselves with no interference.

Why Does the State of Maine Resist Food Freedom at the State Level?

Betsy Garrold gave additional information about resistance from the state of Maine. She stated:

The reason that the department of agriculture fights food sovereignty so hard is that a lot of their funding, especially the funding for their food testing laboratory, comes straight from the feds. And if they don’t do what the feds tell them, they are going to lose their funding, and they can’t afford it because they can’t afford this 3-million-dollar lab. Or they think they can’t. Food Sovereignty leaders in Maine have not yet achieved the goal of passing a statewide food freedom law. However, the Maine Legislature passed a food sovereignty bill in early June 2017 (LD 725) and it was signed by the governor on June 16th. The new law ‘An Act to Recognize Local Control Regarding Food Systems’ provides that ‘…A municipal government may regulate by ordinance local food systems, and the State shall recognize such ordinances. An ordinance adopted by a municipality pursuant to this section must apply only to food or food products that are grown, produced or processed by individuals within that municipality who sell directly to consumers. Any food or food products grown, produced or processed in the municipality intended for wholesale or retail distribution outside of the municipality must be grown, produced or processed in compliance with all applicable state and federal laws, rules and regulations.’ [10]

Food Freedom From the Top Down

The strategy that most states will need to follow to provide food freedom for their residents will involve passing new state laws. Wyoming and North Dakota both passed food freedom laws in 2017. They are leading the nation in the passage of statewide food freedom legislation.

In Wyoming, the recent passage of the new law culminates a multi-year process of systematically establishing food freedom in each of the key areas of food freedom.

In North Dakota, consumers and producers are thrilled about the food freedom law that will go into effect on August 1, 2017. They anticipate taking a close look at the law in future years to see how it can be improved and expanded. At the present time, they will be teaching local food producers and consumers to take advantage of the provisions in their new food freedom law, which is a major step forward for food freedom.

Additional Information about Statewide Food Freedom Laws in North Dakota

North Dakota Food Freedom

(This website should be updated by the end of June 2017 to provide all the information needed to participate in North Dakota food freedom.)

North Dakota Food Freedom on Facebook

Documentaries about the Success of Wyoming Food Freedom

Farm to Fork Wyoming – Food Freedom Part 1

(A great 2-part documentary about food freedom.)

Farm to Fork Wyoming – Food Freedom Part 2 – YouTube frame

(Food freedom part 2.)

Steps for Establishing Food Freedom Laws

In my interview with Peter Kennedy from the Farm to Consumer Legal Defense Fund, he discussed various aspects of food freedom.

He recommends that advocates for food freedom work with their state legislatures to systematically establish food freedom laws.

He suggests that we think of this as a multi-year project.

The food freedom steps described in the following list range from those that may be more easily passed in the legislature to those that may take more work to pass. This is a process, because there will be resistance and concern about endangering human life. When it is shown that the first stages of food freedom prove not to be harmful, then the stage will be set for going further.

I will summarize the basic steps that Peter Kennedy described to me during my interview, and add some additional remarks to further explain them. My comments will be in brackets [My Comment].

Food not Subject to Time and Temperature: There are cottage food laws in close to 90% of the states, which allow foods that are called “not subject to time and temperature control” to be sold without regulation. This includes anything like pickles and sauerkraut, etc. [This type of food freedom law is the basic beginning point. It says that food that doesn’t need careful handling/storage and that has a long shelf life can be sold freely.] Poultry: There are minimal federal standards that you have to meet if you are processing less than 1,000 birds per year on the farm. There is also a 20,000 bird exemption, which could be adopted. There is more regulation here, but this is still a great opportunity to make a living. [This means that food freedom legislation can make it acceptable for farmers to slaughter their own birds on the farm and sell them directly to consumers.] Raw Milk and Raw Milk Products: The states are free to make their own laws in this area. A number of states allow the direct sale of raw milk without regulation. Raw milk products probably have a better track record for food safety, and laws can be passed allowing those sales. [This is a step beyond herd-share laws where people establish partial ownership in a dairy animal in exchange for obtaining milk from the animal. Food freedom in this area would involve purchasing milk or other dairy products from farmers without having an ownership in the herd.] On-Farm Slaughter: States can allow custom slaughter on the farm by a farmer for an unlimited number of animal owners. This is another way to keep the food dollar more local. [Several people would purchase an animal such as a steer, pig, or lamb, and the farmer would slaughter it, process, and package it for the purchasers.] Final Step: The final way to keep the food dollar local is to allow unregulated sales of all foods that are subject to time and temperature control, with the exception of meat, which is federally regulated. [This establishes food freedom in its complete form. This means that food requiring refrigeration and careful handling can be freely sold. It is almost as free as what existed 120-years ago when people were completely free to buy and sell food without regulations.]

For additional information about passing food freedom laws in your state, please visit:

Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund

(Defending the rights and broadening the freedoms of family farms and protecting consumer access to raw milk and nutrient-dense foods.)

The website has a map showing the states that have raw milk laws and those with on-farm poultry processing laws. It will soon have a map of states with on-farm slaughter laws for large meat animals.

The Farm to Consumer Legal Defense Fund is a grassroots membership organization. The membership includes unlimited consultations. An individual consumer membership is $$50. They are ready to provide consultation to those who are trying to pass food freedom laws in their states.

Food Freedom Podcast

I prepared a podcast with comments from LeAnn Harner, Heather Retberg, and Betsy Garrold.

Their remarks contain valuable information about their experiences in promoting food freedom in North Dakota and in Maine.

LeAnn Harner provides an overview of food freedom and a highly informative discussion of how to work with the legislative process.

Heather Retberg describes the origin of food sovereignty in Maine and how food quality is kept high by Maine farmers.

Betsy Garold discusses several topics including opposition from state regulatory officials and the non-partisan nature of the food freedom movement.

Conclusion: Food Freedom Laws Needed to Rebuild Economic Prosperity – Reestablish Relationships between Local Food Producers and Local Consumers

Those of us who seek to restore the old-fashioned practices of food production and distribution in our local communities are concerned about food safety.

We are not anti-regulation – we are instead pro-common-sense when it comes to food that is produced and sold locally.

We are simply seeking to restore a way of life that has successfully promoted economic vitality, physical health, and a sense of community and belonging that used to characterize America.

Such a way of life has been stripped away by mega size grocery stores, corporate dominated agriculture and food processing, and by over-reaching food regulations.

The combined effect of these factors is destroying small locally owned businesses and small family farms. These destructive forces are crawling through our country, and are destroying the fabric of community life.

The adoption of food freedom laws are one of the positive steps that we can take to rebuild economic prosperity, and reestablish personal relationships between local food producers and local food consumers.

About the Author

John P. Thomas is a health writer for Health Impact News. He holds a B.A. in Psychology from the University of Michigan, and a Master of Science in Public Health (M.S.P.H.) from the School of Public Health, Department of Health Administration, at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

References

[1] I interviewed Peter Kennedy from the Farm to Consumer Legal Defense Fund by phone on 4/28/2017.

[2] I interviewed LeAnn Harner from North Dakota by phone on 6/7/2017.

[3] Farm to Fork Wyoming – Food Freedom Part 1. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gotfUgz8UN0

[4] I interviewed Heather Retberg from Maine by phone on 4/25/2017.

[5] I interviewed Betsy Garrold from Maine by phone on 4/24/2017.

[6] “Commentary: Weighing the cost of ‘home rule’ in Maine,” Colin Woodard, Portland Press Herald, 2/15/2015. http://www.pressherald.com/2015/02/08/commentary-weighing-the-cost-of-home-rule-in-maine/

[7] IBID.

[8] “Municipal Home Rule,” Maine Townsman, January 1983. https://www.memun.org/SchoolsProject/Resources/Ordinance/home_rule.htm

[9] “Local Food Sovereignty Rights on Trial Before Maine Supreme Court,” John P. Thomas, Health Impact News, 5/14/2014. http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/local-food-sovereignty-rights-on-trial-before-maine-supreme-court/#

[10] “SP0242, LD 725, item 1, An Act To Recognize Local Control Regarding Food Systems,” Signed into law on 6/16/2017. https://legislature.maine.gov/legis/bills/display_ps.asp?LD=725&snum=128",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33173,"[1]

by Casey Luskin

Evolution News and Views

Recently a reader of ENV wrote to me asking whether it’s true that in Darwin’s day, scientists thought that the cell had a simple structure. The reader had argued on an Internet forum that back then, scientists vastly underappreciated the complexity of the cell — especially compared to what we know today. Some Darwin-defenders responded to him by claiming that Darwin believed the cell was indeed “complex,” and quoted Darwin as saying [2]:

A cell is a complex structure, with its investing membrane, nucleus, and nucleolus, a gemmule, as Mr. G. H. Lewes has remarked in his interesting discussion on this subject (Fortnightly Review, Nov. 1, 1868, p. 508), must, perhaps, be a compound one, so as to reproduce all the parts.

This quotation of Darwin was then followed by the customary attacks on ID (Intelligent Design) proponents, calling us ignorant, deceitful, or worse, for claiming that scientists of Darwin’s era misunderstood and/or dramatically misunderstimated the complexity of the cell. I suppose that somehow this is supposed to bolster the ability of Darwinism to explain the complexity of the cell.

Well, let’s take a closer look at that quote from Darwin. He said that the cell is “complex,” in part, because it has a “membrane, nucleus, and nucleolus.” It’s no surprise that Darwin knew about these cellular components, because they were visible to microscopes of that time. But does this mean he really appreciated or anticipated the complexity of the cell?

The answer is a resounding no. Consider the article that Darwin approvingly cites in that quote, the one by G.H. Lewes in Fortnightly Review. Lewes serves as Darwin’s authority for the claim that the cell is “complex,” so let’s start by looking at what Lewes said about the protoplasm [3] in that very article:

The simplest form of organic life is not — as commonly stated — a cell, but a microscopic lump of jelly-like substance, or protoplasm, which has been named sarcode by Dujardin, cytode by Haeckel, and germinal matter by Lionel Beale. This protoplasm, although entirely destitute of texture, and consequently destitute of organs, is nevertheless considered to be an Organism, because it manifests the cardinal phenomena of Life: Nutrition, Reproduction, and Contractility. As examples of this simplest organism we may cite Monads, Vibriones, Protamœbæ, and Polythalamia. Few things are more surprising than the vital activity of these organisms, which puzzle naturalists as to whether they should be called plants or animals. All microscopists are familiar with the spectacle of a formless lump of albuminous matter (a Rhizopod), putting forth a process of its body as a temporary arm or leg, or else slowly wrapping itself round a microscopic plant, or morsel of animal substance, thus making its whole body a mouth and a stomach; but these phenomena are as nothing to those described by Cienkowski, who narrates how one Monad fastens on to a plant and sucks the chlorophyl, first from one cell and then from another; while another Monad, unable to make a hole in the cell-wall, thrusts long processes of its body into the opening already made, and drags out the remains of the chlorophyl left there by its predecessor; while a third Monad leads a predatory life, falling upon other Monads who have filled themselves with food. Here, as he says, we stand on the threshold of that dark region where Animal Will begins; and yet there is here no trace of organisation.

So protoplasm — which we now call “cytoplasm” and know to be full of cellular organelles, molecular machines, RNA molecules, enzymes, and numerous other crucial biomolecules — is considered by Darwin’s favored authority on the subject to be the “simplest form of organic life,” which is a “microscopic lump of jelly-like substance” that is “destitute of texture” and “destitute of organs” with “no trace of organization.” This same authority believed a eukaryotic organism like a Rhizopod is little more than a “formless lump of albuminous matter.” Not exactly a ringing endorsement or appreciation of the complexity of the cell.

It gets even worse when you read Mr. Lewes’s simplistic descriptions of the nucleus or the cell membrane [4]. He writes:

Now let our glance pass on to the second stage — the Cell. Here we have the first recognised differentiation of structure, in the appearance of a nucleus, or attractive centre, amid the protoplasm. The nucleus is chemically different from the substance which surrounds it; and although perhaps exaggerated importance has been attributed to this nucleus, and mysterious powers have been ascribed to it, yet as an essential constituent of the Cell it commands attention. Indeed, according to the most recent investigations, the definition of a Cell is “a nucleus with surrounding protoplasm.” The cell-wall, or delicate investing membrane — that which makes the Cell a closed sac — is no longer to be regarded as a necessary constituent, but only as an accessory.

So the nucleus, which we now know to be the information control center of the cell containing chromosomes and much of the genetic information — billions of bits in some cases — necessary to form an organism, is of “exaggerated importance,” having “mysterious powers.” Meanwhile, the membrane is called “only as an accessory” that isn’t even necessary to the definition of a cell.

So if we take Lewes’s definition of a cell as “a nucleus with surrounding protoplasm,” and combine it with his prior description of protoplasm, then we see that a cell is a: structure of “exaggerated importance” with “mysterious powers” surrounded by the “simplest form of organic life,” which is a “microscopic lump of jelly-like substance” that is “destitute of texture” and “destitute of organs” with “no trace of organization.”

This is what Darwin’s favored authority on the complexity of the cell said about the complexity of the cell. Not exactly an anticipation of the cell’s true complexity.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.evolutionnews.org/2013/06/did_scientists_072871.html [1]

[5]

Free Shipping Available! [5]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24704,"by Michael Ellsberg

Forbes.com

In January of this year, health and nutrition blogger Steve Cooksey received a disturbing letter from the North Carolina Board of Dietetics/Nutrition.

The letter contained a 19-page markup of Cooksey’s own blog, highlighting in handwritten red pen an extensive series of changes the Board demanded that Cooksey make.

He had to make these changes, the […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32484,"[1]Health Impact News Editor Comments:

Could the public uproar over the FDA sting against the Amish farmer in Pennsylvania be influencing other raw milk cases around the country? A raw milk dairy farmer in Wisconsin was raided back in 2010 shortly after then Governor Jim Doyle vetoed a bill that had passed the Democratic controlled legislature to permit some raw milk sales in Wisconsin. Officials claimed the raw milk dairy farmer was operating without proper licenses. The farmer, Vernon Hershberger, continues to sell raw milk under a new farm management where his customers lease the cows. No further action has been taken against Hershberger, and it would seem that state officials want nothing to do with the case, accusing each other over who is now responsible for handling it! Hershberger states: “The way it looks to me, they can’t find anybody to file charges.” Read the story below.

by TIM DAMOS

Wisconsin State Journal

LOGANVILLE – Nearly a year after a state agency made headlines by executing a search warrant on a raw milk distributor, authorities have not yet taken any legal action in the case and he is working around the order to stop sales.

The June 2010 raid on Vernon Hershberger’s organic dairy farm came weeks after then-Gov. Jim Doyle vetoed a bill that would have allowed limited sales of raw milk. State officials denied the raid had anything to do with the controversy over raw milk. They said Hershberger was operating without proper licenses.

But more than 11 months later, Hershberger is still distributing raw milk and dairy products through his shop, Grazin’ Acres in Loganville, about 50 miles northwest of Madison. He said he hasn’t heard from state officials since last summer.

“They haven’t been in contact since July 8, the last time they were here,” Hershberger said Monday. “The way it looks to me, they can’t find anybody to file charges.”

Hershberger continues to sell dairy products under a new arrangement in which members lease farm animals. He said he no longer needs a dairy license, because his customers had become part owners of the animals that produced their dairy products. State officials disagree with his interpretation of the law.

A official with the state Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection said the agency forwarded its investigative report to state and county prosecutors last September.

Sauk County District Attorney Patricia Barrett disputed that: “Nothing has been referred to my office for action.”

State Department of Justice officials, too, said they were unaware of any action against Hershberger to date.

Read the Full Article here: http://host.madison.com/wsj/news/local/crime_and_courts/article_07edf1e8-80d2-11e0-bf3c-001cc4c03286.html [2]

The Raw Milk Revolution

Behind America’s Emerging Battle Over Food Rights

by David E. Gumpert

[3]

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info [3]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33375,"Photos and video by Jeremiah Shilhavy, recipes by Sarah Shilhavy

There are hundreds of uses for coconut oil in the kitchen, with multiple ways of incorporating coconut oil into a healthy diet. As a cooking oil, replace polyunsaturated oils, “vegetable oils” such as corn and soy, with coconut oil. Coconut oil should be your main cooking oil, as it is heat stable, and will not become toxic in uses that require high heat.

Use coconut oil for frying :

Gluten Free Fried Chicken Recipe

Gluten Free Coconut Fried Fish Recipe

Use coconut oil for baking:

Roast Chicken with Coconut Oil Recipe

Use coconut oil for making your own mayonnaise:

Coconut Mayonnaise Recipe

Use coconut oil in dips:

Coconut Ranch Party Dip Recipe

Use coconut oil to make your own salad dressings:

Spicy Coconut Cilantro Dressing Recipe

Use coconut oil to make your own ketchup:

Homemade Fresh Tomato Ketchup Recipe

Use coconut oil to make the best pie crusts:

Coconut Oil Pie Crust Recipe

Use coconut oil in your soups:

Sweet Potato Coconut Peanut Butter Soup Recipe

Use coconut oil to make fudge:

Black and White Toasted Coconut Fudge Recipe

Use coconut oil to make pudding:

Quick Chocolate Coconut Pudding Recipe

Use coconut oil to make cookies:

Gluten Free Chocolate Crinkles Recipe

Use coconut oil to make muffins:

Gluten Free Lemon-Lime Coconut Flour Muffins Recipe

Use coconut oil to make brownies:

Coconut Peanut Butter Whole Wheat Brownies Recipe

Use coconut oil to make chocolate cake:

Making A Foolproof Gluten Free Cake Recipe

Use coconut oil to make chocolate candy:

Homemade Honey Chocolate Recipe

Use coconut oil in gluten free and dairy free recipes:

Strawberry Cream Pie – Gluten Free and Dairy Free Recipe

Add coconut oil to your coffee:

Spiced Coconut Mocha Recipe

Use coconut oil in hot chocolate:

Coconut Peanut Butter Cup Hot Cocoa Recipe

Use coconut oil to add energy to your smoothies:

How to Add Coconut Oil to Smoothies without the Oil Clumping Recipe

Use coconut oil in your protein shakes for extra energy:

Chocolate Coconut Banana Protein Shake Recipe

Use coconut oil in chocolate milk:

Pecan Coconut Chocolate Milk Recipe

For hundreds of more uses of coconut oil, visit FreeCoconutRecipes.com where other coconut oil users submit their kitchen-tested coconut recipes. We post new recipes every week!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
5694,"[1]

by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

New research published in the Journal of Biomedicine and Biotechnology found that “ginger may be a promising candidate for the treatment of breast carcinomas.”

[i] This is a timely finding, insofar asbreast cancer awareness month [2] is only days away, and one of the primary fund-raising justifications is the false concept that a low-cost, safe and effective breast cancer treatment is not yet available. Could ginger provide the type of cure that conventional, FDA-approved treatments have yet to accomplish?

The new study was performed by researchers at the Biological Sciences Department, Faculty of Sciences, King Abdulaziz University, Saudi Arabia, who discovered that a crude extract derived from the medicinal plant ginger (Zingiber officinale) inhibited the proliferation of breast cancer cells, without significantly affecting the viability of non-tumor breast cells — a highly promising property known as selective cytotoxicity [3], not found in conventional treatments.

The researchers outline the serious problems with present breast cancer therapies thusly:

Despite significant advances toward targeted therapy and screening techniques, breast cancer continues to be a chronic medical problem worldwide, being the most common type of cancer in women and the leading cause of death [1 [4]]. Typically, the treatment of breast cancer involves hormonal therapy with tamoxifen or other selective estrogen receptor (ER) modulators [2 [5]–4 [6]]. However, almost all patients with metastatic disease and approximately 40% of patients that receive tamoxifen experience relapse that ends by death [5 [7]]. In addition, the clinical utility of ER antagonists is often limited by side effects [2 [5], 3 [8], 6 [9]] and is largely ineffective against ER-negative breast cancer [2 [5], 3 [8]]. Furthermore, despite the fact that many tumors initially respond to chemotherapy, breast cancer cells can subsequently survive and gain resistance to the treatment [7 [10]]. Thus, identification of novel agents that are relatively safe but can suppress growth of both ER-positive and ER-negative human breast cancers is highly desirable.

They described their interest in investigating crude extracts of ginger in the following manner:

Despite knowledge about the potent anticancer activity of the ginger, the molecular mechanisms underlying this activity are not currently well known in breast cancer. Based on the previously mentioned reported scientific data and considering the fact that in some cases herbal extracts are showing more potency than the purified components [21 [11], 22 [12]], the present study was undertaken to investigate the impacts of crude extracts of ginger on growth of breast cancer cell lines.

They discovered that ginger was capable of positively modulating a surprisingly wide range of molecular mechanisms simultaneously, such as:

Induction of apoptosis (programmed cell death)

Upregulation of Bax (a pro-apoptosis gene)

Downregulation of Bcl-2 proteins (cancer-associated)

Downregulation of prosurvival genes NF-κB, Bcl-X, Mcl-1, and Survivin

Downregulation of cell cycle-regulating proteins, including cyclin D1 and cyclin-dependent kinase-4 (CDK-4). (cancer-associated)

Increased expression of CDK inhibitor, p21 (anti-cancer associated)

Inhibition of c-Myc, hTERT (cancer-associated)

This is not the first study to confirm ginger’s anti-breast cancer properties. [ii] In fact, a ginger compound known as [6]-Gingerol has recently been shown to have anti-metastatic properties in breast cancer. [iii] Nor is ginger’s anti-cancer activity limited to breast cancer. Ginger and its constituents have been studied to inhibit the following cancers:

Colon and Rectal Cancer[iv]

Liver Cancer [v] [vi] [vii]

Lung Cancer [viii] [ix]

Melanoma [x]

Pancreatic Cancer [xi] [xii]

Prostate Cancer [xiii] [xiv] [xv]

Skin Cancer [xvi]

Ginger is an archetypal example of a food-medicine – that is, something we ingest that both nourishes us, and helps alleviate pain and suffering. Today, it is consumed as a delicacy, spice and medicine by hundreds of cultures throughout the world. Modern science now confirms that ginger has over 100 distinct health benefits.[xvii] It’s use stretches back thousands of years – something no existing FDA-approved drug can lay claim to – and is believed to have originated in southern China, spreading to the Spice Islands and other regions of Asia, and eventually to West Africa, the Caribbean, finally to India, its largest producer.[xviii] There is also recent evidence that ginger was traded in Greece, as far back as 3rd century BC.[xix]

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/research-ginger-selectively-kills-breast-cancer-cells [1]

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.

Read We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies on your mobile device! FREE! – $0.99 [14]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43804,"by Dr John Read

The Sydney Morning Herald

Mental health services have become increasingly dominated by psychiatry’s ”medical model”, which claims that feeling depressed, anxious or paranoid is primarily caused by genetic predispositions and chemical imbalances.

This has led to alarming rises in chemical solutions to distress. In New Zealand, one in nine adults (and one in five women) is prescribed antidepressants every year.

The public, however, in every country studied, including Australia, believes that mental health problems are caused by issues such as stress, poverty and isolation. The public also prefers talking therapies to drugs and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).

Research suggests the public is right. For example, the single best predictor of just about every mental health problem is poverty, followed by other social factors such as abuse, neglect and early loss of parents in childhood, and – once in adulthood – loneliness and a range of adverse events including losses and defeats of various kinds.

Meanwhile, reviews of studies on anti-depressants (which only recently have been able to include those previously kept secret by drug companies) conclude that they are superior to placebos only for those at the extreme end of the ”most severe” group of depressed people. This represents less than 10 per cent of the people who are receiving these drugs.

A recent Cochrane review (the type most highly regarded in the scientific community) for risperidone, a leading anti-psychotic drug, ”suggests that there is no clear difference between risperidone and [a] placebo”.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.smh.com.au/opinion/society-and-culture/with-more-talk-in-mind-20110914-1k9m2.html

Dr John Read is a professor of clinical psychology at Auckland University.

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

Free Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47333,"As farming has transitioned from a once localized industry to an international one, it's brought with it a new set of challenges for U.S. farmers. Spurred in part by a growing demand for biofuel, along with federal subsidy programs, about 180 million additional acres of corn and soybeans have been planted around the world over the last decade. In the U.S., this two-crop cycle of corn and soybeans has become the dominant model in the Midwest, thanks to the federal farm policy that subsidizes these crops, with devastating consequences to human health and the environment.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32539,"Food Democracy Now

It’s springtime again and soon it will be summer and children across the country will be enjoying one of their favorite fruits — strawberries. Unfortunately, due to a poor decision last year by the California Department of Pesticide Regulation and outgoing Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, America’s children will continue to be exposed to the toxic pesticide methyl iodide. [1] Known as “one of the most toxic chemicals on earth”, methyl iodide is a proven cancer causing agent as well as an endocrine disruptor and powerful neurotoxin. Allowing it to be sprayed on one of America’s favorite fruits will endanger our children who eat them, farm workers and local residents in California.

Already banned in New York and Washington because of its toxic properties, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is now reviewing the 2007 Bush era decision to approve methyl iodide for agricultural usage. The EPA is asking for comments from the American public in helping them make the decision on whether or not to ban this toxic chemical for agricultural use.

More than 50 scientists criticized the 2007 approval stating that the review process was hidden from the public and the focus of the research was too limited. There is little left to debate on the safety and necessity for this chemical use. [2]

Let the EPA hear our voices loud and clear: NO Methyl Iodide – now or ever.

Please take a moment to register your comments today. It’s easy. We have suggested text for you, but encourage you to use your own words to make it more impactful. Click on here to send your message to Lisa Jackson, EPA Administrator.

http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/go/360?akid=307.258044.3HMnN4&t=8

Just today Time magazine revealed 3 different studies that demonstrate that pregnant mothers exposed to agricultural pesticides give birth to children with lower IQ’s. [3]



It’s time to let the chemical pesticide industry and our government know that we’ll no longer stand idly by as they continue to put corporate profits over the health and safety of our families, farm workers and the American public.

Tell EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson to ban the toxic methyl iodide from being used on our food and our fields.

Click here to add your voice to the public comment to make sure the EPA bans methyl iodide for agricultural usage.

http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/go/360?akid=307.258044.3HMnN4&t=10

Thanks for taking action — your support is greatly appreciated! We need your help to keep the pressure on! If you can, please consider chipping in as little as $$10 to help us continue this fight.

http://fdn.actionkit.com/go/donate/133?akid=307.258044.3HMnN4&t=13

We rely on folks like you to keep us going. Thanks again for your support.

Thank you for participating in food democracy,

Dave, Lisa and the Food Democracy Now! Team

Sources:

1. “The Terminator: Schwarzenegger’s Killer Pesticide”, The Atlantic Monthly, January 19, 2011.

http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/go/362?akid=307.258044.3HMnN4&t=15

2.”Letter to U.S. Environmental Protection Agency from 50 Top U.S. Scientists Asking EPA to Ban Methyl Iodide”, September 24, 2007.

www.epa.gov/pesticides/factsheets/iodomethane_letter.pdf

3. “Exposure to pesticides in pregnancy can lover children’s IQ”, Time Magazine, April 21, 2010.

http://action.fooddemocracynow.org/go/361?akid=307.258044.3HMnN4&t=18",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24046,"Duty to Warn: The Tragic Story of Dr. Loren Mosher’s Soteria Project and the Plot to Kill It

by Gary G. Kohls, M.D. [2]

Psychiatry has been almost completely bought out by the drug companies…We’re so busy with drugs that you can’t find a nickel being spent on [non-drug] research. – Dr. Loren Mosher

Psychiatrist Loren Mosher (who earned medical degrees from both Harvard and Stanford) was the highly esteemed founder of the experimental Soteria Project, which was subtitled “Community Alternatives for the Treatment of Schizophrenia” from 1971 to 1983. The Soteria Project proved that patients with first-onset psychotic breaks could be successfully treated – even cured – outside insane asylums by non-professional caregivers, in unlocked neighborhood facilities and without the coercive use of neurotoxic, dependency-inducing and dementia-inducing drugs.

Five years before his untimely death in 2004, and long after he was hounded out of the NIMH and mainstream psychiatry for doing the right thing, Dr. Mosher wrote:

Despite what the pharmaceutical companies would have us believe, we don’t need ‘a better life through chemistry.’ (Books like) The Drug May Be Your Problem will help debunk this myth and provide practical advice on how to avoid psychiatric drugs and get off them.

It’s Hard to Fly Over the Cuckoo’s Nest on Brain-altering Drugs

The Soteria Project was Dr. Mosher’s response to the scandalous realities of the monopoly treatment that psychiatry and the pharmaceutical industry had over otherwise normal people who had been unfortunate enough to have suffered serious, oftentimes chronic psychological or spiritual trauma and neglect and then degenerated into episodes of voice-hearing, hallucinations, delusions and/or bizarre behaviors that were intolerable or confusing to family, friends or neighbors. Such psychotic breaks and voice-hearing episodes were often mis-diagnosed as incurable chronic schizophrenia that needed brain-altering major tranquilizer drugs and perhaps incarceration for a lifetime.

Dr. Mosher wondered about those simpler times before there were the hundreds of unaffordable “me-too” psychiatric drugs in the five psych drug categories, before the psych drug-related teen suicide epidemic and before the psych drug-related teen school shooting epidemic – incidents that never happened prior to the widespread use of psych drugs in adolescents and children. The years assessing the results of the Soteria Project proved to him and others that there was a more-cost-effective and curative way to treat what had been known through the centuries to be a temporary decompensation in response to trauma.

Mosher and the Soteria Project devotees had learned some of the important lessons of Ken Kesey’s 1962 novel “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest,” and the 1975 Academy Award winning film adaption of the book, where all the patients in Jack Nicholson’s psych ward were forced to take the authoritarian Nurse Ratched’s Thorazine at “Medication Time.”

The average U.S. insane asylum of that era was in the business of warehousing thousands of victimized undesirables by administering drug-induced chemical lobotomies. Brain-altering drugs were usually sufficient to keep unruly patients like the cunning, small-time criminal Randall McMurphy down, but repetitive electroconvulsive shock “treatments” often were needed for unwanted behaviors that weren’t adequately suppressed by the drugs. Actual surgical lobotomy was the next step.

Nothing good happened to any of those doomed, locked-up, drugged-up, shocked-up or lobotomized patients, except perhaps for the eventually-liberated Chief. In the dramatic concluding scene of the film, the Chief had finally received enough good psychotherapy from McMurphy so that he finally wanted to get out of the psychiatric hellhole. He was the only one who managed to fly over the cuckoo’s nest.

[3]

Neither Nurse Ratched, the treatment staff nor even the psychiatrists working on Randall McMurphy’s ward had any idea that the antipsychotic drugs that were routinely being administered to their innocent patients, could cause permanent brain damage, resulting in tardive dyskinesia, tardive dementia, Parkinson’s disease, brain shrinkage and sexual dysfunction, not to mention a high incidence of the following antipsychotic drug-induced signs and symptoms: akathisia, depression, suicidality, homicidality, disability, unemployability, homelessness, loss of IQ points, chronic constipation, dry mouth, premature death, brain atrophy and general feelings of zombification.

Thorazine, and its sister “first generation” anti-psychotic drugs like Mellaril and Haldol, and every other so-called anti-psychotic drug ever made since then (especially the second generation/“atypical” antipsychotics that wouldn’t come to market until the 1990s, have been found to cause diabetes, obesity, gynecomastia, pituitary dysfunction, cardiac rhythm disturbances, sudden death, etc.

Soteria’s Lucky Patients

Soteria’s lucky patients had been randomized into the Soteria Project (the study’s matched controls went to a drug-centered inpatient facility), and therefore most of them avoided being falsely labeled as life-long chronic schizophrenics, and most of them didn’t wind up as permanent patients on disabling, life-long psych drugs.

If it hadn’t been for the existence of the Soteria House, those lucky ones would have instead been sent to a typical coercive Southern California insane asylum, where they might have been told that they had somehow suddenly inherited their new disorder or had a (non-existent) chemical brain imbalance and therefore had to be on dependency-inducing, brain-altering and brain-damaging psychiatric drugs (that were alleged to be able to “re-balance” the imaginary imbalance) for the rest of their lives.

Because of the luck of the draw, many of the Soteria patient were cured of their temporary psychosis at a far lesser cost of care than the matched controls – and without the cost of caring for permanent brain damaged patients for the rest of their lives.

Some Soteria patients went on to lead normal lives following their discharge. In contrast, the vast majority of the patients who had been randomized into the drug-centered “insane asylums” wound up chronically drugged with dangerous, untested (for safety) cocktails of drugs, often for the rest of their lives (which were destined to be shortened by 25 years because of the drugs).

Tragically, especially for the millions of future mis-diagnosed (and therefore mis-treated) “chronic schizophrenics” since then, the Soteria Project was sabotaged by Dr. Mosher’s own National Institute of Mental Health. The obviously unwelcome positive findings that were coming out of the Soteria Project were accurately seen by the establishment types in the NIMH, Big Pharma and Big Psychiatry as an economic threat to their industries, and they acted to subvert the project. Scandalously, the project was defunded during the Reagan era, in 1983, eight years after “One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest” movie was released.

[4]

In a posthumously published book (2004), Dr. Mosher and his co-authors describe the innovative, highly successful, non-drug therapeutic approach that was enacted by the young, caring, altruistic, but non-professional staff. The book was titled Soteria: From Madness to Deliverance . It told the story of the noble experiment that managed to alleviate the temporary mental suffering of some otherwise doomed fellow humans who would have been put at risk of permanent life-long drug-induced disabilities rather than given a chance at a cure.

A good description of the project can be read at Robert Whitaker’s Mad In America website [5]:

Soteria is the story of a special time, space, and place where young people diagnosed as ‘schizophrenic’ found a social environment where they were related to, listened to, and understood during their altered states of consciousness. Rarely, and only with consent, did these distressed and distressing persons take ’tranquilizers’. They lived in a home in a California suburb with nonmedical caregivers whose goal was not to ‘do to’ them but to ‘be with’ them. The place was called ‘Soteria’ (Greek for deliverance), and there, for not much money, most recovered. Although Soteria’s approach was swept away by conventional drug-oriented psychiatry, its humanistic orientation still has broad appeal to those who find the mental health mainstream limited in both theory and practice.

One can appreciate the anguish that Mosher and all the committed and enthusiastic non-professional healers felt when the psychiatrist-dominated NIMH pulled the plug on the experiment. Mosher became disillusioned with the APA and eventually resigned.

“I want no part of it anymore.” Loren Mosher’s 1998 Letter of Resignation from the APA

Here are excerpts from Mosher’s letter of resignation from the APA, a professional trade and lobbying organization to which he had been a long-time member. For good reason, he called the APA the American Psychopharmaceutical Association.

He unintentionally outlines in his resignation letter the well-known strategy of how dysfunctional organizations often try to get rid of their best people (especially the creative and talented ones who also happen to be a threat to the less competent and ingrained upper management types whose positions of power, influence and seniority may be at risk). Making life miserable for promising up-and-coming employees is commonly orchestrated by threatened superiors by demoralizing the subordinates into quitting the organization. Mosher felt the pressure and logically resigned from the APA, saying “I want no part of it anymore.” Here is some of Mosher’s resignation letter:

The trouble began in the late 1970s when I conducted a controversial study: I opened a program — Soteria House — where newly diagnosed schizophrenic patients lived medication-free with a young, nonprofessional staff trained to listen to and understand them and provide companionship. The idea was that schizophrenia can often be overcome with the help of meaningful relationships, rather than with drugs, and that such treatment would eventually lead to unquestionably healthier lives. The experiment worked better than expected. Over the initial six weeks, patients recovered as quickly as those treated with medication in hospitals. The results of the study were published in scores of psychiatric journals, nursing journals and books, but the project lost its funding and the facility was closed. Amid the storm of controversy that followed, control of the research project was taken out of my hands…By 1980, I was removed from my post altogether. All of this occurred because of my strong stand against the overuse of medication and against the disregard for drug-free, psychological interventions to treat psychological disorders. Why does the world of psychiatry find me so threatening? Because drug companies pour millions of dollars into the pockets of psychiatrists around the country, making them reluctant to recognize that drugs may not always be in the best interest of their patients. They are too busy enjoying drug company perks: consultant gigs, research grants, fine wine and fancy meals. Pharmaceutical companies pay through the nose to get their message across to psychiatrists across the country. They finance symposia at the two predominant annual psychiatric conventions, offer yummy treats and music to conventioneers, and pay $$1,000-$$2,000 per speaker to hock their wares. It is estimated that, in total, drug companies spend an average of $$10,000 per physician, per year, just on ‘education.’ And, of course, the doctors-for-hire tell only half the story. How widely is it known, for example, that Prozac and its successor antidepressants cause sexual dysfunction in as many as 70% of people taking them?… Recently, it was dues-paying time for the American Psychiatric Association, and I sat there looking at the form. I thought about the unholy alliance between the APA and the drug industry. I thought about how consumers are being affected by this alliance, about the overuse of medication, about side effects and about alternative treatments. I thought about how irresponsibly some of my colleagues are acting toward the general public and the mentally ill. And I realized, I want no part of it anymore.

The orchestrated demise of the Soteria Project is just another of the many examples of amoral, sociopathic corporations doing what is best for their bottom line and not what is best for the people that are targeted for consumption of their dangerous products.

We are all poorer for their actions.

About the Author

Dr. Kohls is a retired physician who practiced holistic, non-drug, mental health care for the last decade of his forty year family practice career. He is a contributor to and an endorser of the efforts of the Citizens Commission on Human Rights and was a member of Mind Freedom International, the International Center for the Study of Psychiatry and Psychology, and the International Society for Traumatic Stress Studies.

While running his independent clinic, he published over 400 issues of his Preventive Psychiatry E-Newsletter, which was emailed to a variety of subscribers. (They have not been archived at any website.) In the early 2000s, Dr Kohls taught a graduate level psychology course at the University of Minnesota Duluth. It was titled “The Science and Psychology of the Mind-Body Connection.”

Since his retirement, Dr. Kohls has been writing a weekly column (titled “Duty to Warn”) for the Duluth Reader, an alternative newsweekly published in Duluth, Minnesota. He offers teaching seminars to the public and to healthcare professionals.

Many of Dr. Kohls’ columns are archived at http://duluthreader.com/search?search_term=Duty+to+Warn&p=2, http://www.globalresearch.ca/authors?query=Gary+Kohls+articles&by=&p=&page_id [2]= [2] or at https://www.transcend.org/tms/search/?q=gary+kohls+articles [6]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24377,"[1]

Image courtesy Citizens Commissin on Human Rights [2]

Navy Yard shooter was on Antidepressant Trazodone—How many more drug induced shootings until lawmakers wake up?

By Kelly Patricia O’Meara [3]

The Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR) [3]

It took less than 48 hours to learn that Washington Navy Yard shooter, Aaron Alexis, is another in a long line of psychiatric drug-induced perpetrators [4].

The New York Times [5] has reported that while in Providence Rhode Island on August 23, 2013, and again, five days later, in Washington, D.C., Alexis had been prescribed Trazodone [6], an antidepressant that carries an FDA black box warning for suicide, and is documented to cause mania and violent behavior.

Now, twelve innocent people (plus the shooter) are dead at the Washington Navy Yard. Yes, these senseless deaths are sad, tragic, and incomprehensible. And it is time to point the finger at those who are responsible.

Because lawmakers, both at the state and federal level, refuse to address the enormous amount of information revealing the connection between violence and prescription psychiatric drugs [4], mass shootings, like the massacre which occurred at the Washington Navy Yard, will continue.

Despite 22 international drug regulatory warnings on psychiatric drugs [7] citing effects of mania, hostility, violence and even homicidal ideation, and dozens of high profile shootings/killings tied to psychiatric drug use, there has yet to be a federal investigation on the link between psychiatric drugs and acts of senseless violence.

Seriously, how many mass shootings have to occur by shooters with a psychiatric drug history before those who have the power to make a difference finally take the necessary action to protect the American people?

The list of shooters receiving psychiatric care and psychiatric drug use is long [4]. In just a little over a year there have been three such mass shootings, including Aurora, Co., Newtown, Ct., and now the Washington Navy Yard, totaling 52 dead and 69 injured. In each case, as in dozens of other mass shootings, the common denominator is that the shooters were either receiving psychiatric care, taking mind altering psychiatric drugs or both.

While law enforcement fumbles around trying to figure out a motive, it may behoove them to look at Alexis’ psychiatric history and, specifically, his complete psychiatric drug “treatment” record. This information is imperative and yet, it is astounding that more often than not, obtaining the psychiatric drug information of the shooters is withheld from the public for months and years.

A perfect example of this is the lawsuit that has been filed in Connecticut [8]to force the state’s Medical Examiner to release the psychiatric history and psychiatric drug data regarding gunman, Adam Lanza.

The same difficulties occurred with Aurora, Co., shooter, James Holmes, who also was under psychiatric care, and although police recovered antidepressants from his apartment, the media barely mentioned it and legislators ignored pursing the role these drugs may have played in yet another mass shooting tied to psychiatric drug use.

People are dying needlessly. This information isn’t a state secret. The proverbial cat has been out of the bag for years about the connection between psychiatric drugs and violence. Even the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) gets it, and acknowledges that psychiatric drugs can cause both suicide and violence.

Ironically, even the military has finally begun to address the over-prescription of psychiatric drugs because of the epidemic of military suicides. Unfortunately, a recent study, conducted for the Department of Defense, DoD, looked at dozens of factors that may contribute to the military suicides but, believe it or not, failed to even mention psychiatric drug use, which according to DoD’s own data, is increasing yearly.

These are not benign drugs. They alter the mind. The FDA’s MedWatch system reveals that between 2004-2012, there were 14,656 reports of psychiatric drugs causing violent side effects—1,415 cases of homicidal ideation/homicide, 3,287 cases of mania & 8,219 cases of aggression. The FDA admits that less than 1% of all serious events are ever reported to it, so the actual number of side effects occurring are most certainly higher.

This isn’t guess work. It is documented. At least 31 school shootings and/or school-related acts of violence [9] have been committed by those taking or withdrawing from psychiatric drugs, resulting in 162 wounded and 72 killed.

Mania, hostility, violence, suicidal ideation and even homicidal ideation are adverse effects of psychiatric drugs. Twenty-two international drug regulatory warnings have been issued for psychiatric drugs [7].

What part of these national and international warnings, the FDA’s Black Box Warnings and the lengthy list of shooters (including Alexis) with psychiatric drug use, don’t lawmakers understand? How many more innocent people have to die because lawmakers lacked the courage to explore the possibility of a connection between psychiatric drugs and violence?

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.cchrint.org/2013/09/18/navy-yard-shooter-was-on-antidepressant-trazodone/ [3]

Kelly Patricia O’Meara is an award winning former investigative reporter for the Washington Times, Insight Magazine, penning dozens of articles exposing the fraud of psychiatric diagnosis and the dangers of the psychiatric drugs – including her ground-breaking 1999 cover story, Guns & Doses, exposing the link between psychiatric drugs and acts of senseless violence. She is also the author of the highly acclaimed book, Psyched Out: How Psychiatry Sells Mental Illness and Pushes Pills that Kill. [10] Prior to working as an investigative journalist, O’Meara spent sixteen years on Capitol Hill as a congressional staffer to four Members of Congress. She holds a B.S. in Political Science from the University of Maryland.

by Peter Breggin, M.D. [11]

The Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR) [11]

[11]This brief analysis is offered in response to information that the Navy Yard mass murderer, Aaron Alexis, was taking the antidepressant trazodone [6]. Alexis was reportedly started on trazodone for sleep on August 23, 2013 at the Veterans Administration (VA) clinic in Providence and refilled on August 28 at the VA in Washington, DC. Twenty days later, on September 16, he committed the violent assaults. Severe adverse drug reactions such as suicide and violence [4] typically occur in this relatively short time span after starting an antidepressant. Individuals with a known history of violence like Alexis are at even higher risk of being driven to more extreme violence by exposure to antidepressant drugs.

Antidepressants [12] can cause a broad range of stimulating amphetamine-like adverse drug effects that will then cause or contribute to violence. The official FDA-approved label for trazodone [13] lists the following stimulating effects: “anxiety, agitation, panic attacks, insomnia, irritability, hostility, aggressiveness, impulsivity, akathisia (psychomotor restlessness), hypomania and mania.”

Although commonly used as a sleeping pill, trazodone [6] nonetheless can be very stimulating for some patients. It has higher reported rates than other antidepressants such as paroxetine (Paxil [14]) and sertraline (Zoloft [15]) for causing anxiety, nervousness, excitement, and hypomania, which are risk factors for causing violence. Trazodone blocks the removal of serotonin from the synapse in the same manner as the SSRIs (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) like Prozac [16] (fluoxetine), Paxil and Zoloft; and therefore has similar dangerous effects [17].

The trazodone Medication Guide [13], found toward the back of the FDA-approved label, warns about patients “acting aggressive, being angry or violent.” It also warns about “Acting on dangerous impulses” while taking trazodone.

With the caveat that new information will continue to come forth about Aaron Alexis’ life, as well the caveat that I have no access to his medical records—trazodone [6] must be weighed and considered as a possible if not probable cause or contributing factor to worsening Alexis’ violence tendencies and pushing him over into a murderous rampage.

Read the full article here: http://www.cchrint.org/2013/09/19/statement-by-psychiatrist-peter-breggin-on-navy-yard-mass-murderer-aaron-alexis-taking-the-antidepressant-trazodone/ [11]

Sources:

Medication history taken from the New York Times (toward the end of the article): http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/18/us/washington-navy-yard-shootings.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0 [5]

The FDA-Approved Label (also called Complete Prescribing Information) for trazodone can be obtained on the Internet at Drugs.Com [18], FDA.gov [13], or other sources.

For scientific details and case studies concerning medication-induced violence, see Peter R. Breggin, MD. Medication Madness: The Role of Psychiatric Drugs in Cases of Violence, Suicide and Crime. New York: St. Martin’s Press, 2008.

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

[19]

Free Shipping Available!

More Info [19]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32367,"On November 21, 2016, Dr. Suzanne Humphries and New York University (NYU) law professor Mary Holland attended a meeting called ""Confronting Vaccine Resistance: Strategies For Success"" at NYU Langone Medical Center in New York, New York. The meeting's speakers were Senator Dr. Richard Pan, Dr. Paul Offit and Dorit Rubenstein Reiss - all proponents of mandatory vaccines. The speakers were primarily addressing medical students at NYU. Unfortunately, the medical students in attendance at this event apparently only heard the extremist view of mandatory vaccines, the view that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary. The students could have benefited greatly in an open dialog on this subject if Dr. Suzanne Humphries and Mary Holland had been allowed to participate. Dr. Humphries is a nephrologist (kidney doctor) who once administered vaccines in her practice, and has now come to the conclusion that vaccines are not the best solution to fight disease for anyone, and that doctors and medical students are not being taught all the science behind vaccines to make informed decisions for their patients. Law professor Mary Holland has lectured and written on the legal aspects of denying U.S. citizens the right to ""informed consent"" when it comes to a medical procedure like vaccines.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32850,"[1]

by David Michael [1]

Journal of Natural Food and Health [1]

Excerpts:

The Andy and Anna Hershberger family publicly reunited after many weeks in hiding as they appeared at an Amish community meeting on Wednesday (12/18/13). Andy and Anna alone were the last to arrive after seeing it would be safe for them to attend.

All are still waiting for the judge to approve the two-week-old letter of resignation from Ms. Schimer, court-appointed guardian for Sarah, legally acknowledging she and the hospital are backing down on their relentless and illegal pursuit of the girl. Their emergence was just for the meeting after which they will retreat to an undisclosed location until it is legally safe.

In a picturesque snow-covered rural Ohio setting attendees arrived, many by horse and buggy, between 1 and 1:30 pm. Andy and Anna arrived to the surprise and relief of everyone present. At one point the Sheriff showed up (but remained outdoors) just to make sure all was well with the Hershbergers.

Surrounded by their community and church members, it was a joyful sight. They were the last to leave the building (a very old school dating back to the 1800’s) after the meeting that started with prayer and the song Amazing Grace. Walking through the snow the family of 10, all dressed in the traditional black Sunday best, climbed into their buggies. The scene seemed to symbolize a peaceful completeness, a family united and moving forward.

Read the Complete Story here: http://journal.livingfood.us/2013/12/20/amish-girls-forced-chemo-case-sarah-and-family-finally-reunited-after-months-in-hiding-after-fleeing-u-s/ [1]

Previous articles:

[6]

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping Available! [6]

[7]

by Dr. Robert Mendelsohn, MD [7]Free Shipping Available! [7]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
35721,"[1]

by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Data suggests that 6% of the U.S. population is harboring a retrovirus in their bodies that can develop into an acquired immune deficiency. This is not the well-known AIDS caused by HIV, but Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) associated with other retroviruses. These non-HIV retroviruses were unintentionally introduced into humans over the past 75 years.

It began with trials of polio vaccines and yellow fever vaccines given in the early 1930s. This is when the first recorded cases of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and autism appeared. It involved the use of laboratory mice to prepare vaccines for human use. [1]

20 Million Americans Likely Infected with Retroviruses

Retrovirus exposure intensified in the 1970s as new vaccines and pharmaceutical products were developed. These retroviruses and related infectious agents are now associated with dozens of modern chronic illnesses – perhaps nearly all of them. In these diseases, infection leads to inflammation — and unresolved inflammation can lead to chronic disease.

The list of diseases stretches from autism to cancer and from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome to Alzheimer’s. The diseases cripple the development of the young, steal the productivity and enjoyment of life for adults, and provide a slow and withering death to the elderly.

“An inefficient virus kills its host. A clever virus stays with it.” James Lovelock

The retroviruses being discussed are very clever and very stealthy. They can infect a person and stay with them for their entire lifetime. Sometimes they shorten life substantially. But, they are just as likely to bring a person to total disability and deny people the opportunity for a normal life.

Even though 20 million Americans are likely to be infected, not everyone will develop serious illness. Retroviruses in the human body are like sleeping giants. They are quiet until they are activated in immune deficient people.

Once activated, they create diseases such as Myalgic Encephalomyelitis, also called Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS), Chronic Lyme disease, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, autism spectrum disorder (ASD), numerous cancers, and a wide range of other autoimmune, neuroimmune, and central nervous system diseases. Please see reference number 2 at the end of this article for a comprehensive list of diseases. [2]

Retroviruses can Promote A Perfect Storm of Illness

The retroviruses being discussed here do not directly cause diseases by themselves. A perfect storm of events need to come together to create acquired immune system deficiency (non-HIV AIDS). When conditions are right, the viruses create unrelenting inflammatory processes that disrupt the immune system.

The perfect storm occurs when human DNA is disturbed by retroviruses, when there are co-infections, when there is severe shock or trauma, when hormones are dysregulated, when there are genetically modified organisms and glyphosate in the diet, when there are pesticides and other toxic substances in food and the environment, and when there are genetic susceptibilities.

If some or all of these conditions occur together, then the immune system will be weakened to the point where the perfect storm occurs, and people become ill with some type of modern chronic disease.

Not everyone who has retroviruses in their bodies will develop one of these diseases, but for those who experience a perfect storm the possibility is much greater. The risks increase with age as the immune system naturally weakens.

How Did These Viruses Infect Millions Worldwide?

These viruses were most likely introduced into humans through contaminated vaccines and biological products including GMOs, human blood products, the milk of cows, and human breast milk. These retroviruses can be passed between family members through body fluids.

It is not unusual to find a family where everyone tests positive for a retrovirus, but only one person is experiencing a retrovirus-related illness. Symptom free carriers are common in human retroviral infections.

You Probably Haven’t Heard Much about the Retrovirus Problem

If you have never heard about the retrovirus problem, then you can thank the CDC, NIH, FDA, and other government agencies for covering up the problem since it was first reported to them in 1991 by American immunologist Elaine DeFreitas. [3]

They did not want to alarm you. They didn’t want to induce a panic, or a rebellion against the use of vaccines. They didn’t want to send shock waves through the conventional medical care system and the pharmaceutical industry that would threaten their profits. They didn’t want to risk a public panic among people needing blood transfusions. They didn’t want to disturb the resolve of Big Pharma and political leaders working to pass mandatory vaccination laws. They didn’t want to interfere with the full implementation of genetically engineered crops. They didn’t want to lay the groundwork for numerous class action lawsuits from people who were harmed or who will be harmed in the next 20 to 30 years as the retroviruses continue to multiply in the bodies of infected persons.

Ultimately, government leaders didn’t want us to be able to make informed decisions regarding the true risks associated with certain therapies – they preferred to keep us all in the dark. They just wanted to cover up the whole mess and act as if it never happened – but it did happen, and millions of Americans are now suffering from a plague of modern diseases that were once rare or non-existent.

My Sources for this Information

The information that I am sharing in this article came mostly from an interview I did with Judy A. Mikovits, Ph.D. and from the book, Plague: One Scientist’s Intrepid Search for the Truth about Human Retroviruses and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS), Autism, and Other Diseases, written by Kent Heckenlively, JD, and Dr. Mikovits.

My article will explain the history of retrovirus contamination and the government cover-up. It will provide an introduction to effective treatments for those who suffer with the illnesses mentioned above. It attempts to do what our government didn’t have the political courage to do.

Retroviruses Escaped Safeguards Designed to Contain Them

Before I go any further, I need to tell you that safeguards most likely were implemented in December of 2014 to clean up retrovirus contaminated blood products and vaccines. The FDA approved technologies developed by the Cerus Corporation on that date that were specifically designed to solve these problems.

The problem was well understood by public health scientists and researchers for five years, but the problem was not made public until the FDA approved a solution. The press release from the Cerus Corporation describes some of the problems with the blood supply, and tells us about their new technologies. [4] Dr. Mikovits proved that this new technology is effective for inactivating these viruses in blood products, even though as you will soon read, she was viciously persecuted for bringing this problem to light.

This is good news for people who are choosing to take vaccines and for those who need to receive blood products. However, we must not forget the large number of people who were unknowingly infected by retroviruses over the past 20 or 30 years. The Cerus technology will not help them.

How did the Retrovirus Nightmare Begin?

The most recent chapter of the story began in the 1970s. It took place in research laboratories throughout the world where scientists were doing research on diseases such as cancer and HIV/AIDS.

These were the same laboratories where they were manufacturing vaccines. These labs work with mice that are genetically engineered to have immune system deficiencies, which made them vulnerable to express certain diseases. In other words, their immune systems have been altered in such a way that they will get a certain disease when exposed to a certain pathogen or toxin.

Research activities involved injecting lab mice with human viruses to attenuate or weaken the viruses. Scientists routinely did these experiments with mice in the same laboratories where they were growing human cell lines. They believed that mouse viruses and human viruses would not interact, or travel from one part of the research facility to another.

In the past, scientists didn’t worry about mouse virus contamination, because they believed that these viruses would not harm humans if they actually made their way into a human being. Scientists acknowledged the risks, but maintained the judgment that the benefits of vaccines outweighed the risks. The work of Dr. Mikovits and other scientists challenged their beliefs. They suggested the problem with mouse viruses was already out of control and the cost of the damage could destroy the economies of nations.

Other Doctors Who Warned about Retroviruses

Dr. G. Stuart made the same warning in 1953, when he spoke to the World Health Organization. He was talking about the yellow fever vaccine at that time. He stated:

Two main objections to this vaccine have been voiced, because of the possibility that (i) the mouse brain employed in its preparation may be contaminated with a virus pathogenic for man although latent in mice … Or may be the cause of a de-myelinating encephalomyelitis; (ii) the use, as an antigen, or a virus with enhanced neurotropic properties may be followed by serious reactions involving the central nervous system. [5]

In 1996, Dr. John Coffin, a leading expert on recombination in viruses, warned against transplanting cells from animals into humans to improve the functioning of the immune system of HIV-AIDS patients. He stated:

The infection is a virtually inevitable consequence of xenotransplantation and this is a very serious worry because the animals that have been chosen for doing this — the baboon and the pig — are both known to carry endogenous viruses, replication competent, but very poorly studied, that are capable of infecting human cells. [6]

Dr. Judy Mikovits and Other Scientists Discover Retroviruses now Present in 6% of Americans

The long held judgement of the majority of the scientific community was proven wrong in 2009 by Dr. Judy Mikovits and other scientists who discovered that something unexpected and very harmful was happening in laboratories throughout America and the world. They discovered that a retrovirus called XMRV (xenotropic murine retrovirus) and other related retroviruses were now present in 6% of Americans and that this retrovirus was appearing in a very high percentage of people with diseases such as prostate cancer, Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, autism, Lou Gehrig’s Disease, treatment resistant Lyme disease, and Parkinson’s Disease.

The term “xenotropic” indicates that the virus had a non-human origin and it is now able to live and multiply in humans. This retrovirus had an appearance that was similar to mouse virus, but it also had qualities of human virus. It was a chimera – like a mythical beast – part human and part mouse. It was accidentally created in laboratories when a naturally occurring mouse virus recombined with a human virus found in a prostate cancer culture.

This would be confirmed in 2011 by European researchers. Their 2011 article stated:

One of the most widely distributed biological products that frequently involved mouse tissue, at least up until recent years, is vaccines, especially vaccines against viruses … It is possible that XMRV particles were present in virus stocks cultured in mouse cells for vaccine production, and that the virus was transferred to the human population by vaccination. [7]

Retroviruses Released into the Air and Escape Laboratories

What scientists didn’t realize was the way they managed their mouse colonies and managed the production of their human cell lines created conditions in laboratories where viruses could unexpectedly mutate and recombine with one another. Even more astounding was the fact that these retroviruses could easily reproduce themselves and travel through the air.

Up until 2009, scientists didn’t know that retroviruses could be aerosolized. Retroviruses that were in mice were being released into the air and travelling through their facilities to other labs where human cell lines were being cultivated. Once there, they were able to infect human cultures. They became part of the cells and part of the products that were made from the activity of the cell lines, such as the antigens used in vaccines. The retroviruses also infected lab workers.

Government Cover-up and Lies

Thus far, I have provided some very basic information about retroviruses – where they came from and how they facilitate human disease — but there is much more to the story. We need to explore why the U.S. government doesn’t want you to know that many strains of retroviruses exist, and why they don’t want you to suspect that they are making you sick.

I recently spoke with Dr. Judy A. Mikovits, Ph.D., to gather her inside perspective about these questions. Dr. Mikovits has dedicated her life to being a research scientist in honor of her grandfather who died of cancer when she was a teenager. Dr. Mikovits earned her BA from University of Virginia and Ph.D. in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology from George Washington University.

In her 35-year quest to understand and discover ways to treat chronic diseases, she has studied immunology, natural products chemistry, epigenetics, virology and drug development. In just over twenty years she rose from an entry-level lab technician to become director of the lab of Antiviral Drug Mechanisms at the National Cancer Institute before leaving to direct the Cancer Biology program at EpiGenX Pharmaceuticals in Santa Barbara, California.

There in 2006, she became attracted to the plight of patients with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and autism. In only five years she developed the first neuroimmune institute from a concept to a reality and is primarily responsible for demonstrating the relationship between immune-based inflammation and these diseases. She has published over 50 scientific papers. [9]

I asked Dr. Mikovits to summarize the retrovirus controversy and the government’s effort to cover-up the existence of certain retroviruses. She stated it this way:

Evidence of retroviruses is found in 6% of the population – 20 million Americans. They were introduced through the blood supply and vaccines into the human population. These viruses are associated with many diseases. So if you look at how they [our government] are going to fix that problem — they just approved Cerus to clean up the blood supply and they just approved their filtering technology to clean up the vaccines. They want you to believe that gammaretroviruses are all gone… [10]

Dr. Mikovits’ Career Destroyed for Telling the Truth

Dr. Mikovits is not just one of the leading scientists in the area of retrovirus related illness, she stands at the center of a scientific controversy and political battle that has ended her career as a government-funded research scientist. She spoke the truth about the fraudulent use of government research money, the marketing of inaccurate retrovirus tests, Medicare fraud, the contaminated blood supply, and the harm that is associated with vaccines and their schedule of administration. Her research showed how retroviruses are linked to the plague of modern illnesses that are bankrupting the U.S. healthcare system.

The result of her unwavering determination to stick to the truth of her research and to stand up against those who want to keep the truth hidden, resulted in her being taken to criminal court and civil court. She was gagged for four years by fabricated criminal charges in Nevada, and could not speak openly about retrovirus science or the government cover-up without risking further persecution/prosecution.

The Ugly Truth the Government Opposed – Attacks Begin

The unfolding of the saga began in the summer of 2009 when she attended a meeting of scientists from the highest levels of the scientific community. All the government agencies involved with matters of human health were represented. Leaders from various research institutes and universities were present. They were experts in the field of virology and disease prevention and treatment. (See the reference at the end of this article for the list of participants.) [11]

During the time allotted to Dr. Mikovits, she described the results of her most recent research that would soon be published in the esteemed journal, Science. She drew an association between the XMRV mouse retrovirus and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.

Two months later Dr. Mikovits and two other scientists presented evidence to the federal government that a retrovirus might underlie autism spectrum disorder.

When her article about gammaretroviruses and myalgic encephalomyelitis/Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS) was published in October of 2009, it did not trigger government health officials to explain it to the public. Instead of acclaim, a vicious attack was launched against the findings of the presence of retrovirus in patients who had ME/CFS.

The attack was largely led by the psychiatric industry. They strenuously objected to a viral association with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. They believed that ME/CFS was a mental illness without a physical cause. They believed that talk therapy and psychiatric drugs were the only answer for those who were disabled by this retroviral disease. They held to their belief even when patients required oxygen to survive and rarely had the strength to leave their homes because of intense weakness and pain.

A Wake-up Call to the Retrovirus Problem

At the 1st and only International Workshop on the XMRV retrovirus, held in September of 2010, Dr. Mikovits and a group of other scientist presented research that would become the basis for conducting an international multi-center study on XMRV retroviruses.

Among the research discussed at the meeting, was a study involving rhesus macaque monkeys that were exposed to XMRV. This was particularly valuable. It showed that the XMRV retrovirus quickly disappeared from the blood stream after exposure — presumably going into tissues. As with HIV/AIDS, immune stimulation caused the virus to reappear in the blood, where it could be detected again. The immune stimulant they used was an injection of bolus peptides that mimicked a vaccination. This provoked the virus and caused it to replicate to detectable levels, and presumably cause disease. [12]

Another study presented findings about infectious XMRV in the peripheral blood of children and their parents. The study contained 66 subjects: 37 parents and 29 children. 17 children had autism, a pair of twins had Niemann-Pick Type C (a neurodegenerative disorder), and 10 children were healthy siblings. The families lived in 11 different states. XMRV was detected in 55% of the people in the study. The age range of the infected children was 2 to 18 years. 17 of the children (including the twins) were positive for XMRV (58%) and 20 of the 37 parents (54%) were positive for XMRV. 14 of 17 autistic children were positive for XMRV (82%). They noted that autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), ME/CFS, and childhood neuroimmune disorders share common clinical features. [13]

This was earth-shattering news for autism parents, because it supported the theory that their children might have been harboring an undetected retrovirus in their immune cells that could be activated through vaccination. The immune challenge of a vaccination could have offset the body’s delicate suppression of the retrovirus, bringing it out of hiding. For other children, a simple fever could have begun the immune cascade that led to autism. [14]

During Dr. Mikovits’ presentation, she described her research and the research of others. Her research team found that 67 percent of ME/CFS patients in her study showed evidence of XMRV, and other researchers found that 86.5% of ME/CFS patients had evidence of infection by a broader group of retroviruses that were also linked to laboratory mice.

Dr. Mikovits and her team found that 3.7 percent of a healthy population showed evidence of XMRV infection, while colleagues showed that 6.8 percent of a healthy control population showed evidence of infection by a wider group of murine leukemia viruses. This meant that eleven to twenty-one million individuals in the United States were potentially infected by a group of related viruses that came from mice. [15]

Dr. Mikovits detailed how they’d found XMRV in a subset of ME/CFS patients in England, and that there was a need to understand more about replication and pathogenesis. There was also a great need to develop tools for screening and treatments. In response to a question about research controls from Dr. Francis Collins, head of the National Institutes of Health, Dr. Mikovits indicated that 5% of control samples taken from the London Blood Bank were positive for XMRV. [16]

When all the data and all the findings from this conference were put together, it was easy to see that there was a serious problem with retroviruses in the general population of the United States and Europe. The blood supply was contaminated, families were infected, and a very high percentage of people with ME/CFS, autism, and other diseases also had XMRV and similar retroviruses. Many other people had these viruses, but most were not yet sick.

The Multi-Center Retrovirus Study

Based on these findings, Francis Collins, head of the National Institutes of Health, mandated a multi-center study that would be directed by Dr. Ian Lipkin, who was the head of Columbia University’s Institute of Infection and Immunity. At that time, Lipkin had been acclaimed the “World’s Most Celebrated Virus Hunter.” [17]

The Lipkin multi-center study would be a large scale study that on the surface would claim to investigate what was happening with ME/CFS and other neurological disorders in the United States. However, physicians were instructed to use an unusual set of criteria to exclude patients from the study. They excluded patients with evidence of infection with HIV, hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, Treponema pallidum (syphilis), B burgdorferi (the Lyme disease spirochete), medical or psychiatric illness that might be associated with fatigue, abnormal serum characteristics, and thyroid disease.

The study excluded the exact groups of patients who were most likely to be infected with the retroviruses. It looked as if the study was designed to fail.

Dr. Mikovits Fired As Research Director

Dr. Mikovits was one of the researchers involved in the multi-center study that took place during 2010 and 2011. She continued her research until the late summer of 2011 when she was asked by the head of the institute that housed her lab to approve fraudulent expenditures of federal research monies from her grant.

She also became aware that the retrovirus test, which was being marketed and sold by the owner of the institute, produced inaccurate results. She spoke out about these problems and was fired from her position at the end of September of 2011.

Jailed without a Warrant or a Charge

Dr. Mikovits was arrested 6 weeks later, and held in jail for 5 days without the opportunity for bail as a fugitive from justice. Eventually she was charged with stealing her own research notebooks. These notebooks contained all of her recent research about retroviruses. On the day she was fired, she was locked out of her lab and offices while they were ransacked. They might have taken her notebooks, but a coworker understood what was going on and he temporarily secured Dr. Mikovits’ notebooks as well as his own.

A research scientist’s notebooks are a precious possession. Their value is equal to his or her professional credibility and personal integrity. The notebooks of Dr. Mikovits are important, because they contained the confidential names and addresses of every patient that had been involved in her gammaretrovirus research. They contain proof of the existence of gammaretroviruses and their connection with ME/CFS that no one could deny. Gammaretroviruses are one of the retrovirus families that cause chronic illness.

I won’t go into the details of the court proceedings. But political corruption in Nevada and in the U.S. scientific research community made sure that Dr. Judy Mikovits would be silenced and financially destroyed. She and her husband lost everything. They now live in a rental unit in Southern California.

Results of the Multi-Center Retrovirus Study

Instead of finding that 67 percent of patients with ME/CFS had evidence of retrovirus infection, as Dr. Mikovits found in her study, or finding that 86.5 percent of ME/CFS patients had mouse leukemia type retroviruses as others had found – the Lipkin study found no association with disease. The Lipkin multi-center study, however, did confirm that 6% of the U.S. population is carrying retrovirus infections whether they know it or not. This finding was very significant. The study confirmed the findings from more than two decades of research, which consistently presented evidence of retroviruses in 4-6% of the population. The Lipkin study confirmed that 20 million Americans are carrying retroviruses. [18]

They didn’t find an association with disease, because they excluded the groups that were most likely to have the retrovirus.

This multimillion dollar study funded with U.S. tax dollars successfully covered up the relationship between retroviruses and chronic disease, but it was not able to obscure the existence of retroviruses in the general population.

They didn’t want to find an association with disease, because the government, Big Pharma, health insurance companies, and the conventional medical system did not want the truth to be revealed. The costs would be staggering if it became public knowledge that the healthcare system itself had infected 20 million people with a virus that was causing chronic illness, disability, suffering, and death.

Destruction of Dr. Mikovits’ Work and Career

The publicizing of her unlawful arrest in the journal Science, which even included her mugshot, seriously damaged her professional reputation. This was followed by an attack on Dr. Mikovits’ previously published work. Her 2009 article about gammaretroviruses was formally retracted by the editors of the journal that published it because she dared show evidence how retroviruses remained hidden from detection, just as her research had shown more than two decades earlier that HIV could remain hidden from detection.

Dr. Mikovits has been unemployed since September 2011. Her career has been destroyed. No one will give her grant money for new research, because the government doesn’t want to see any further research into any of the retroviruses that were created in laboratories and introduced into humans in vaccines, biological products, and food.

Dr. Mikovits Suffering but not Destroyed

As you might expect, Dr. Mikovits and her husband have experienced serious financial limitations during these years from the lack of employment income and the tremendous cost of legal fees. Dr. Mikovits has suffered, but her resolve has not been destroyed. She has been crushed economically, but her witness for the truth remains intact. Dr. Mikovits describes her situation this way:

Personally, we don’t need much and we don’t have much. There aren’t many people who live a half block from the beach in the sunshine in a nice place. We are surviving, and [are ready] to do whatever it is the next thing that God wants us to do. So, I consider myself blessed. There were many dark days and I am sure there will be more dark days, but the story is not over and these viruses and diseases are not dead. [19]

Dr. Mikovits continues to conduct research. She doesn’t need a lab to keep studying ME/CFS, autism, cancer and other diseases. She continues to provide consultations to patients with ME/CFS, to parents of autistic children, and to physicians who understand the truth of what her research revealed and are willing to act on it.

Dr. Mikovits and Dr. Jeffrey Bradstreet

Dr. Mikovits consulted with Dr. Jeffrey Bradstreet, M.D., who was one of the leaders in the treatment of autistic children. Dr. Mikovits describes her interaction with Dr. Bradstreet in the spring of 2015, shortly before his death. She had shared her research with Dr. Bradstreet and he had the courage to implement new treatments for his patients based in part on it. Dr. Mikovits stated:

I feel in the deepest part of my soul Jeff Bradstreet was suicided. That is shot in the chest with his own gun and thrown into that river. I saw him within two weeks of his death. We were at the autismOne conference this year and we were high fiving it. He said, “We are so close to a cure for autism.” I felt like I was back. I was in a place where I was no longer totally gun shy. I was not ducking every time I walked through a door. I was able to take my hat off. [Her hats were part of the disguise she used to hide.] [20]

Dr. Mikovits and her husband were followed, harassed, and intimidated. Someone tried to give her a gun shortly after she was fired to “protect” herself. She refused to touch it, because she didn’t want it to become a tool that someone might use to simulate her suicide as she strongly feels they did to Dr. Bradstreet and others.

Specific Questions Answered by Dr. Mikovits

I posed the following questions to Dr. Mikovits during my interview with her on December 14, 2015.

QUESTION: What would you want to tell people in America who have various neurodegenerative diseases and cancers that are associated with retroviral infection? What is your message for America concerning non-HIV AIDS?

The message is that there are a significant number of people who understand how to treat these diseases and they should understand that they are certainly not crazy and they are not imagining things. It’s certainly not genetic and it is not their fault. The most important thing is that so many people blame themselves – “If I had never let them give my kid that shot.” Don’t go there, because we can fix it. I won’t ever give up. There are a lot of doctors around the world who are trusting us. They have seen the same things themselves and who are energized by our book and by the revelations [that have happened] since. We will keep on addressing the science. These diseases are certainly not a death sentence. You don’t have to suffer forever. We are not giving up. We can end your suffering, and your potential can be used! Please don’t kill yourself because it might seem like forever but we are not going to let it happen. I am not going to let the Lipkins of the world bury the people who were infected with retroviruses between 1975 and 2014. I am delighted that they are cleaning up the blood supply and they are cleaning up the vaccines but I am not willing to let the ones that got hurt die in vain, or have their families die. We care about all the families. You have to try and realize that there is a bigger plan beyond you, and of course we all know there is a bigger plan beyond us, but it is hard to see sometimes in the insanity.

QUESTION: Please explain how the immune system functions in the presence of a retroviral infection and what has gone wrong when disease results?

The immune system’s job is to clear pathogens. So, when the initial infection recedes, the immune system should put on the brakes so that you won’t develop autoimmunity. Our immune system enables us to distinguish self from non-self — that is the whole goal. In cancer, the natural killer cells and cytotoxic T cells can’t see the tumor any more. It is as if the tumor has a coat on and it is hiding from the immune system. So, the therapy is to teach the immune system to see the virus infected cell or the cancer cell [so it can do its job]. In those with diseases like ME/CFS and autism we are helping the immune system and other pathways regain their balance — their homeostasis. That is what GcMAF does. It communicates with the macrophages. It’s called macrophage activating factor, but in fact it is not really activating. It takes the amoeboid microglia — the bad guys — that are producing all the glutamate and inflammatory cytokines, and takes these microglia, and turns them back into ramified surveillance microglia. These are happy cells that are not producing all these toxic intermediates. [This means] GcMAF is actually a deactivating factor. In the brain, the gammaretroviruses infect the capillary endothelial cells. They don’t even infect the microglia. Those infected cells produce factors which activate the macrophages and put them into an angry over-active state. When GcMAF is given it turns the angry macrophage back into a happy quiescent macrophage. This clears the damage even though the infected cells were not cleared, because we didn’t target the brain endothelial capillary cells. We just quiet everything down and the virus will either become latent or we will clear it from the body. This works as long as we don’t have too many infected cells that crash the entire system, as happens with HIV/AIDS. We learned that if HIV/AIDS patients get treated early enough before their immune systems are too badly damaged [they can have a normal life.]

QUESTION: In your book, Plague, you made the statement that as a Christian you felt that God had placed you in the middle of this controversy for a reason. Do you have any more thoughts about that at this point?

I believe in God, I trust in the promises of the Bible, and believe that there is justice from God. Thus, I don’t care what anyone says, I know the truth and God knows the truth. Sometimes God places people in situations where you just simply obey. I don’t pretend to understand. God did it for a reason and I trust that ultimately that is for good. I had to see a lot of other things, and a lot of tough things about myself. This has been a very dark time, and you do question everything about your faith. I can’t even comprehend the evil of some of what happened and continues to happen. But I try not to go there, I just trust God. So as far as God goes, I am good with God. I know I am not dead yet and therefore I have a job to do. I have to keep living the horrors that I live every day. Those horrors are just seeing those sick people. I must never give up trying to help them. I get to see the people who can’t afford the antiretroviral drugs or any treatments — people suffering alone in dark rooms. I get to talk with this young woman later today whose entire family is sick. I see this family and this woman who is sick-sick-sick and all someone has to do is try an antiretroviral drug or an immune modulator like GcMAF and maybe she can have a life. I see all that potential wasted, all the suffering. That’s why we wrote Plague, in hopes of ending the suffering, not as I always thought I would in a laboratory but using the voice stolen from millions.

QUESTION: Do you do consulting work on an individual basis?

Yes — MAR Consulting, Inc. We post everything there. We don’t charge fees. We do have contribution buttons. We put people together with doctors. We put people together with other people who have supplements or therapies that can help. We look at the patient’s history. We look for the prime problem for each person, since the diseases are heterogeneous. We put together our knowledge on supplements and therapeutics. If we can, we put them together with a doctor in their area who will work with us. We work with doctors. There are doctors that pay us just to talk with us about difficult cases. They ask us, what would you do in this case? There are patients that ask me to talk with their doctors. I can be busy 24/7. MAR Consulting Inc. [8]

FINAL QUESTION: What is the future for retroviral research?

The real big and sad part is that the field will die. If you don’t fund it, it doesn’t get done. Our government grants are policed from the beginning by the CDC, NIH, FDA and the various agencies to make sure that nobody says retrovirus. It seems like a case of David and Goliath, but I can sit here and say maybe with arrogance or simply with confidence, we know the truth and we are not going to give it up!

If you need more proof about the existence of retrovirus infection and non-HIV AIDS, and want more proof of government corruption in health research, I invite you to read the book, Plague [9].

Treatment Options for Retroviruses

People with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, autism, and the other non-HIV AIDS diseases have been successfully treated by physicians who step out of the box of conventional medicine and who are willing to take risks on behalf of their patients.

The risks to health care workers are real. Untimely death from unnatural sources is a real possibility. Persecution from medical peers and medical boards are real possibilities. However, it always must be kept in mind that there is evidence of retroviral infection in 20 million Americans. These people have a strong likelihood of developing some form of non-HIV AIDS, and that chance increases with every day they live.

Treatment is focused in two areas. Antivirals substances (natural supplements or pharmaceuticals) are used to reduce the viral population. Anti-inflammatory agents (natural substances or pharmaceuticals) are used to quiet the immune system and restore its normal functioning.

References

[1] Plague: One Scientist’s Intrepid Search for the Truth about Human Retroviruses and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS), Autism, and Other Diseases, Kent Heckenlively, JD and Judy A. Mikovits, PhD, Skyhorse Publishing, 2014, ISBN: 978-1-62636-565-0, Chapter Five, ME/CFS and autism in the Medical Literature.

[2] Retroviruses may be associated with the following diseases. This information was derived from my conversation with Dr. Mikovits and from her slides available from: “PRT 2013 Presentation,” MAR Consulting Inc., retrieved 12/ 18/2015. http://www.marconsultinginc.com/prt-2013-presentation.html [11]

Cancers : Prostate, Breast, Lymphoma, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, Adult T-Cell Leukemia, Hairy Cell Leukemia, Liver, Bladder, Kidney, Pancreas, Colorectal, Ovarian, and Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma.

Auto-Immune Diseases: Rheumatoid Arthritis, Lupus, Crohn’s Disease, Peripheral Neuropathy, Primary Biliary Cirrhosis, Sjogren’s Syndrome, Hashimoto’s Thyroiditis, Polymyositis, and Bechet’s Disease.

Neuro-Immune Diseases: Myalgic Encephalomyelitis or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (ME/CFS), Multiple Sclerosis, Fibromyalgia, Gulf-War Syndrome, Morgellons Disease, treatment resistant Lyme disease, and idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP).

Central Nervous System Diseases: Alzheimer’s, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, multiple systems atrophy, autism, and Parkinson’s.

[3] Plague, Foreword, page XVII.

[4] “FDA Approves INTERCEPT Blood System for Plasma,” Press Release, Cerus Corporation, 12/16/2014. http://www.cerus.com/Investors/Press-Releases/Press-Release-Details/2014/FDA-Approves-INTERCEPT-Blood-System-for-Plasma/default.aspx [3]

[5] Plague, page 67.

[6] “Xenotransplantation and Primates – Threats Masquerading as Cures,” Dr. John Coffin, September 1, 1996. http://www.idausa.org/ir/reports/aidsresearch.html [12]

[7] Antoinette Cornelia van der Kuyl, Marion Cornelissen, Ben Berkhout; “Of mice and men: on the origin of XMRV,” Frontiers in Microbiology, January 2011. http://journal.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fmicb.2010.00147/full [13]

[8] Adapted from: “Innate Immune Changes in the Peripheral Blood of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome Patients: Risk Factors for Disease Progression and Management,” Deborah L. S. Goetz, Judy A. Mikovits, Jamie Deckoff-Jones, and Francis W. Ruscetti; Chapter VI, 2014 Nova Science Publishers, Inc. http://www.marconsultinginc.com/nova-chapter.html [14]

[9] “Judy A. Mikovits, PhD,” MAR Consulting Inc. http://www.marconsultinginc.com/judy-a.-mikovits–phd.html [15]

[10] Interview of Dr. Judy A. Mikovits, PhD, conducted by John P. Thomas by phone on 12/14/2015.

[11] Plague, page 116. “Twenty-two scientists attended the workshop, according to the summary, including many luminaries in the field. The meeting included representatives from the HIV Drug Resistance Program, Columbia University, Tufts University, the Cleveland Clinic, the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, the University of Utah, the Laboratory of Cellular Oncology (NCI), the Medical Oncology Branch (NCI), the Laboratory of Tumor Immunology and Biology (NCI), the Urologic Oncology Branch (NCI), the Division of Cancer Epidemiology & Genetics (NCI), the Laboratory of Experimental Immunology (NCI), the Laboratory of Cancer Prevention (NCI), the AIDS and Cancer Virus Program (Science Applications International Corporation—a Fortune 500 company with approximately 40,000 employees worldwide), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).”

[12] Plague, pages 237 and 270.

[13] Plague page 271.

[14] IBID.

[15] Plague, page 270.

[16] Plague, page 273.

[17] Plague, page 349.

[18] Plague, Chapters Twenty and Twenty-one.

[19] Interview of Dr. Judy A. Mikovits, PhD, conducted by John P. Thomas by phone on 12/14/2015.

[20] IBID.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [16]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32726,"Finally, The Truth Emerges About Whooping Cough Vaccine: OBs and Pediatricians, Stand Back With Your Needles

by Kelly Brogan, MD

GreenMedInfo.com

Just this week, the New York Times published an article stating that the problem of surging whooping cough cases has more to do with flaws in the current vaccines than with parents’ resistance. Could the truth about vaccines be going mainstream?

So, you’re trying to grow a plant. You take it inside, in a little pot. You feed it fertilizer, put it under lights, and when it starts to wilt, you prop it up with all sorts of sticks and tape, and when one fails, you add more. Eventually it dies. All it wanted was sun, fresh air, clean water, and the magic of natural soil. I think of this pathetic image when I reflect up the absurdity of our vaccination program. If it were only absurd, and not deadly, my reflections would be just that. Instead, I am here to speak to pregnant women about how to arm themselves with knowledge, to warn them so there are no regrets.

As I have declared, I take pregnancy interventions, epigenetic exposures, and maternal health very, very seriously. After my fellowship-level training in psychiatric treatment of these women, I understand, all too well, how flawed and nearly impossible to achieve, safety data is for pharmaceutical products in pregnancy. Passive reporting systems and industry-maintained registries don’t cut it. I’d like to take you on a brief tour of one particular product that your OB may recommend, coerce, or bully you into, and then your child’s pediatrician will take the torch and do the same for your tiny baby: the diptheria, tetanus, pertussis vaccine, also known as DTaP.

As of 2012, every woman, regardless of any individual considerations or risk/benefit, is recommended the DTaP vaccine after 20 weeks of gestation.

Here’s how we got into this situation

Pertussis incidence was waning on its own until a 1980 mandate to vaccinate in 42 states. Since this time, and since the introduction of the seemingly “less dangerous” acellular pertussis vaccine (the whole cell vaccine was so clearly toxic that seizure activity and fevers drove parents away from vaccination, and it still took almost 50 years to change the product) was introduced in 1996, ten years after pharmaceutical companies were granted immunity through the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act (i.e. ten years after there stopped being any incentive to produce safe vaccines).

Because of subsequent increasing incidence, more and more boosters were added to compensate for “waning immunity” and now children get 6 doses by 6 years old. Another stick thrown under that failing plant was the “cocooning” strategy which recommended that women and household members be vaccinated immediately after birth to “protect” the vulnerable newborn. This practice has been abandoned because of inefficacy and concerns for active spread to these infants. Now, the proposed solution is vaccinating before delivery. Seems to make sense, right? Vaccinate the mom so the antibodies pass to the baby before she’s born, and then she’ll be protected for a little while until we can start her lifelong vaccination program. The problem is that this idea, quaint as it is, has no basis in evidence and discussions in the literature have repeatedly pointed to this quandary:

And, even from the horse’s mouth, the CDC claims:

Unfortunately, all the “unknowns” and “likely”s and “uncertain”s and a frank admission that In prelicensure evaluations, the safety of administering a booster dose of Tdap to pregnant women was not studied. do not stop the CDC from their recommendation that:

We’d like our herd immunity back

The wisdom of the immune system is such that infection educates the body in ways that we do not completely understand (it’s more than just antibody production!), and then passive exposure from infected individuals in the community, serves to continually reeducate and “boost” the potential response that keeps reinfection at bay.

Vaccines don’t do this, have never done this, and will never do this. DTaP is a perfect example.

In the case of infants, they would inherit natural antibodies and then pass them onto their newborns for years of protection – by evolutionary design. The assumption that vaccine-induced antibodies that pass through the placenta would pass for protection has never been demonstrated, and, in fact, is just that – an assumption. We have also seen shifts of the burden of disease to more vulnerable populations, and in many cases, this population is the newborn, exactly who we were intending to protect.

This pseudoimmunity, as Dr. Suzanne Humphries calls it, is what now requires that women and baby be continuously vaccinated from cradle to grave in hopes of achieving something approximating natural immunity.

So the vaccine doesn’t protect from disease?

Despite egregious efforts on the part of the media, and even medical authors (compare the abstract conclusion to the data, especially the image in this paper!) to blame the unvaccinated population, the truth is finally too obvious to ignore. After known outbreaks in Idaho, Cincinnati, California, and North Carolina where the majority to 100% of the infected population was vaccinated (no room for finger pointing there), we, just this week, have the crowning achievement appearing in the NY Times, of all places, stating:

“But scientists say the problem of surging whooping cough cases has more to do with flaws in the current vaccines than with parents’ resistance. The new finding suggests yet another weakness of the vaccine — that even people recently vaccinated may be continuing to spread the infection without getting sick.”

Whenever scientists actually bother to study these agents in primates, devastating signals of harm emerge. To explore the hypothesis that the currently mandated vaccine, may in fact, after almost 20 years, be ineffective AND contribute directly to spread of illness, researchers infected infant baboons with the whole cell and “modern” acellular vaccine and found:

“Together these data form the key finding of this study: aP vaccines do not prevent infection or transmission of Bordetella pertussis even 1 mo after completing the primary vaccination series.”

And also noted abnormal patterns of immune response including:

“We also found that aP vaccination induces T helper 2 (Th2) and T helper 1 (Th1) immune memory responses, whereas infection and—to a lesser extent—wP vaccination induce Th17 and Th1 memory.”

And, similar to this late-to-the-game news on Hep B vaccine, they boldly state that, because vaccine “trials” don’t actually test for infection/colonization in recipients:

“Therefore, no experimental data exist on whether vaccination prevents B. pertussis colonization or transmission in humans.”

They appear to be advocating for use of the old whole cell vaccine, and attribute declines in whooping cough incidence after the 1940s to this vaccine rather than to the post-vaccine redefinition of whooping cough (as was done with Polio) and underreporting by physicians.

Here’s why the pertussis vaccine doesn’t work:

It commits original antigenic sin. This means that the vaccine triggers an immune response to bacteria, but not to a toxin through which the bacteria does its damage, called ACT. Because of this, the body may “mislearn” how to respond, rendering the vaccinated 4-15 times more vulnerable to future infection than they would have been originally.

The vaccinated are also colonized with and vulnerable to parapertussis, a related infection.

It doesn’t protect, it spreads disease, and wait, there’s more?

I can never seem to get enough of these horror show ingredient lists, so let’s start with these:filamentous hemagglutinin (FDA), pertactin, fimbriae, formaldehyde, polysorbate 80 (Tween 80), gluteraldehyde, 2-phenoxoyethanol, aluminum and thimerosal (mercury).

It is an unacceptable notion that any of my pregnant patients would inject metals, carcinogens, and neurotoxins into their muscle when we have spent hours upon hours helping to support their natural immunity, health and wellness through nutrient dense diets, pesticide and GMO elimination, elimination of endocrine modulating environmental chemical exposures, and stress management. Aluminum is an adjuvant implicated in neuroinflammation and autistic spectrum disorders, and may play a significant role in the process of molecular mimicry related to common peptides in B. pertussis and the human body that underlies the more devastating outcomes associated with this vaccines including sudden infant death, transverse myelitis, hemolytic anemia, and others documented on GreenMedInfo.

You can see what a mess of tape and sticks the CDC has made of the health and immunity of our population through even just this one DTaP vaccine mandate. Roping pregnant women into this concoction of half-baked ideas and neglect of harm is where we all need to draw the line, if you haven’t already. It’s time to take a step back, as citizens, to take a long, hard look at what is happening to our health as a population, and to appreciate that we cannot continue to take recommendations from doctors who trust companies who engage, repeatedly in criminal behavior, and who refuse to acknowledge any role for lifestyle, diet, and individual genetics in infectious disease. We cannot wait for them to say “oops” after decades of unacceptable risk in a context of no appreciable benefit. Opt out of the experiment. None of the subjects leave healthy.

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/finally-truth-emerges-about-whooping-cough-vaccine-obs-and-pediatricians-stand-1

Dr. Brogan is allopathically and holistically trained in the care of women at all stages of the reproductive cycle experiencing mood and anxiety symptoms, including premenstrual dysphoria (PMDD), pregnancy and postpartum symptomatology, as well as menopause-related illness. You can learn more about Dr. Brogan at www.kellybroganmd.com, and connect with her on Facebook.



Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32688,"By Theresa Wrangham [1]

NVIC Executive Director [1]

During the National Vaccine Advisory Committee’s (NVAC) February meeting, American adults were put on notice by Big Brother that non-compliance with federal vaccine recommendations will not be tolerated. Public health officials have unveiled a new plan to launch a massive nationwide vaccination promotion campaign involving private business and non-profit organizations to pressure all adults to comply with the adult vaccination schedule approved by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC). [1]

NVAC has authored the National Adult Immunization Plan (NAIP) and, once finalized, the plan will be turned over to the Interagency Adult Immunization Task Force (AIFT) to create an implementation plan. Notably, this task force is composed of “vested interest” stakeholders and no consumer representation for those groups concerned with vaccine safety and informed consent.

NVIC has submitted our public comments [4] and recommendations for the NVAC’s draft National Adult Immunization Plan. [2] Your opportunity to submit your comments and concerns about this plan has been extended to March 23rd [5]. We encourage all of our readers to participate in the public comment process and submit comments to the NVAC on the NAIP. Please forward this article to family and friends and encourage them to submit public comments, too.

What you need to know – the nutshell

[6]

The basis of the NAIP rests on Healthy People 2020 Goals, [3] many of which are arbitrary. [4] The key fact the plan seems to lose sight of in using these goals as its foundation is …THEY ARE GOALS. These goals have no legal authority over your healthcare decisions and are being used by government officials to shape public health policy, which in turn is spurring legal mandates to force you to comply with them. [5]

The adult immunization plan also “incentivizes” doctors and other vaccine providers to convert patient data into Electronic Health Record (EHR) formats that can then be shared across state and federal electronic databases to track national vaccine coverage rates and also track and identify who is and is not vaccinated. Many states already have electronic vaccine tracking registries (Immunization Information Systems – IIS) in place, but do not share this information due to laws preventing the sharing of personal medical information and/or limited vaccination data on adults. This is where financial and other types of incentives come in to convince vaccine providers and state legislators to participate in the gathering of this private medical information on all adults.

Big Government is Partnering with Your Employer, Community & Religious Organizations

The NAIP states that it will take more than providers raising awareness about the adult schedule and encouraging compliance to meet Healthy People 2020 goals. So the NAIP contains objectives that foster partnerships with your employer and your community and religious organizations to make you and all adults get every federally recommended vaccine according to the government-approved schedule.

The NAIP makes it clear that in the future, all American adults will be informed of the recommended adult schedule at every possible opportunity outside the healthcare provider domain. You will be encouraged to comply with the adult schedule not only by your healthcare provider, but also via community-based partnerships to ensure that you have the opportunity to roll up your sleeve at work, school, church and other community gatherings.

NVIC has always supported awareness and access to preventative healthcare options, including access to vaccines for everyone who wants to use them. However, there is a difference between awareness, access, recommendations and mandates. In the past, these types of government vaccine use plans do not just seek to increase awareness and access but also make recommendations that foster vaccine mandates without flexible medical, religious and conscientious belief exemptions that align with the informed consent ethic.

Tracking Vaccination Status Raises Privacy Concerns

Adults should examine this plan carefully because the U.S. Constitution guarantees American citizens the right to privacy. [6] In that context, it is important to understand that the NAIP objectives include electronically harnessing your personal medical information and that of all adults for the purpose of increasing adult vaccine uptake in the U.S. by tracking your vaccination status, with little regard for your privacy. [7]

There is no language in the plan that provides for consumer privacy protections. This is a glaring omission given the acknowledged and known risks for patient data being hacked (security breaches) by malicious outside entities. [8] The plan does not include provisions for raising consumer awareness of their ability to opt out of electronic tracking and patient data sharing schemes. [9] [10]

Closing Vaccine Safety Research Gaps Not Included in Plan

While the NAIP also supports increased reporting to the federal Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS) and ongoing analysis of claims submitted to the federal Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP), it is hollow support. For this to be meaningful, stronger language is needed to support closing vaccine safety research gaps highlighted by the Institute of Medicine’s (IOM) series of vaccine safety reports 11 to lessen the number of VICP off-the-table compensation claims.

These off-the-table claims are a direct result of the continued expansion of the numbers of government recommended adult (and childhood) vaccines without the accompanying identification of vaccine side effects and injury outcomes to expand the federal Vaccine Injury Table (VIT) that governs the awarding of vaccine injury compensation. Off-the-table adult vaccine injury claims now represent the majority of claims12 filed with the VICP and the compensation process has become highly adversarial and costly.

As NVIC President Barbara Loe Fisher stated at the U.S. Health Freedom Congress last year when pointing out that responses to vaccines and infectious diseases are individual:

We do not all respond the same way to infectious diseases [13] and we do not all respond the same way to pharmaceutical products like vaccines. [14] [15] [16] [17] Public health laws that fail to respect biodiversity and force everyone to be treated the same are unethical and dangerous.

The NAIP fails to acknowledge these facts.

Compliance at the Expense of Bodily Autonomy

Vaccine mandates are made at a state level and the NAIP is a federal vaccine use promotion plan that is has no legal authority to turn government vaccine use recommendations into vaccine use mandates.

However, much like the recommendations made by NVAC a few years ago for healthcare workers to receive annual flu shots, [18] these recommendations are likely to result in future de facto vaccine mandates for adults, whether through employer requirements, [19] or actual state laws. Given the introduction of legislation [20] this year in many states to remove non-medical vaccine exemptions and restrict medical exemptions for school age children in an effort to force parents to comply with the CDC’s recommended childhood vaccine schedule, there is little doubt that that the NVAC’s latest plan will result in similar actions to force adults to use all federally recommended vaccines.

One only has to read stories posted NVIC’s Cry For Vaccine Freedom Wall [7] by healthcare workers who have refused flu shots and are being fired from their jobs to understand the threat posed by the NAIP. Is your profession next? The short answer is yes.

Make no mistake about this plan’s intent, if “awareness” efforts and “incentivization” of vaccine policy do not increase adult vaccine uptake, the partnering with your employer and other community groups is meant to lower the hammer and force you to comply. The electronic tracking systems that are enthusiastically being embraced by not only the federal government but also state governments and employers, without regard for your privacy, will be used to identify noncompliers.

Informed Consent Freedom at Risk

[8]

If you haven’t read Dr. Suzanne Humphries’ book Dissolving Illusions, [21] you may not realize that history is about to repeat itself. Government enforced vaccination through identification and door-to-door efforts to make everyone comply, like was seen with smallpox vaccination campaigns a century ago, is a real possibility again in America. Only this time it won’t just be about one vaccine – it will be about a lot of vaccines you will be forced to get.

The noose being tightened around the necks of our children is being thrown over the necks of adults as well. The tightening of that noose is growing daily in an attempt to strangle vaccine freedom of choice by eradicating the ethical principle of informed consent.

Adults and their children are being asked to accept a one-size-fits-all vaccine schedule that does not allow for the ability to delay or decline one or more vaccines for religious and conscientious beliefs. This is very dangerous when the medical exemption has been narrowed by government so that almost no health condition qualifies for a medical exemption anymore. Families already personally impacted by vaccine reactions, injuries and deaths will be faced with more loss, including their financial stability if they are forced to be revaccinated.

The human right to protect bodily integrity and autonomy – the core value of the informed consent ethic – is at stake.

This battle is not about an anti- or pro- vaccine position. It is a battle over freedom, values and beliefs. [22] What is at risk is your ability as a parent and individual to decide what medical risks you are willing to accept and vaccination is the forefront of this battle.

For over three decades NVIC has supported informed consent protections in all U.S. vaccine laws and policies, which means that parents and individuals must receive full and accurate information on vaccine risks and benefits and retain the right to make voluntary decisions to accept, delay or decline one or more vaccines without being sanctioned for they decision they make.

What You Can Do Today – Get Involved!

Your rights are being eroded and vaccine exemptions are under aggressive attack in many states. NVIC will continue to advocate for your freedom as we have done for over 30 years, but this battle will not be won without your voice and action.

Submit your comments [5] on the NAIP by March 23rd to the National Vaccine Advisory Committee and forward this article to your friends and family. (NVIC NOTE 3/20/15: We have become aware that the NVAC’s representative assigned to receive your comments email account is autoresponding that she is out of the office until the 25th. NVIC has contacted the National Vaccine Program Office and has been assured that comments sent by the 23rd are being collected and forwarded to the NVAC for their consideration. Please ignore the autoresponder – your comments are getting through and will be a part of the record. Many thanks to everyone for making us aware of this situation and for sending in comments on the NAIP! Keep sending in those comments!)

Most importantly, register and encourage others to register on NVIC’s Advocacy Portal [9] today and join with other concerned Americans to protect informed consent rights. This resource is free and will keep you informed on legislative actions underway in your state, provide guidance on what action to take, and connect you with your legislators.

There is no time to waste. Please do not wait for someone else to do this…that someone is you and you can make a difference!

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com [10]

References

5 [18] CDC. Vaccines and Immunizations. State Immunization Laws for Healthcare Workers and Patients. Nov. 19, 2014. CDC. Vaccines and Immunizations. State Immunization Laws for Healthcare Workers and Patients. Nov. 19, 2014.

12 [31] Report from the Department of Justice. [32] Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines (ACCV) Certified Minutes. Pg 8. Sep. 2014. Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines (ACCV) Certified Minutes. Pg 8. Sep. 2014.

13 [33] Hill AVS. Genetics and Genomics of Infectious Disease Susceptibility. British Medical Bulletin 1999; 55(2): 401-413. Hill AVS. Genetics and Genomics of Infectious Disease Susceptibility. British Medical Bulletin 1999; 55(2): 401-413.

14 [34] Kinman TG, Vandebriel RJ, Hoebee B. Genetic variation in the response to vaccination. Community Genet 2007; 10(4): 201-217. Kinman TG, Vandebriel RJ, Hoebee B. Genetic variation in the response to vaccination. Community Genet 2007; 10(4): 201-217.

15 [35] Lemaire D, Barbosa T, Rihet P. Coping with genetic diversity: the contribution of pathogen and human genomics to modern vaccinology. Braz J Med Biol Res 2012; 45(5): 376-385. Lemaire D, Barbosa T, Rihet P. Coping with genetic diversity: the contribution of pathogen and human genomics to modern vaccinology. Braz J Med Biol Res 2012; 45(5): 376-385.

16 [36] Institute of Medicine Committee to Review Adverse Effects of Vaccines. Adverse Effects of Vaccinations: Evidence and Causality. Evaluating Biological Mechanisms of Adverse Events: Increased Susceptibility. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press 2012. Institute of Medicine Committee to Review Adverse Effects of Vaccines. Adverse Effects of Vaccinations: Evidence and Causality. Evaluating Biological Mechanisms of Adverse Events: Increased Susceptibility. Washington, DC: The National Academies Press 2012.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32379,"Regulators in Wisconsin have reportedly lifted the ""cease and desist"" order from a warning sent to Amish Wisconsin egg farmers in March. The 7-year operation where farmers shipped their eggs directly to consumers from their farm was temporarily shut down by an order from the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture from a complaint that allegedly originated from regulators in California. After an outcry from customers and supporters who contacted the governor of Wisconsin and other officials, regulators reportedly told the farmers that they could continue shipping their eggs while they worked with them to bring them into compliance with the alleged violations. The farmers are happy to be able to sell their inventory of eggs again because they would have had to shut down their operation at the end of this week due to the cost of feeding and maintaining their flocks while not being able to sell their eggs. They are not sure yet if any new regulations or requirements placed on them will become a burden too costly to allow their operation to continue, so it is uncertain at this time if their 7-year direct-to-consumer egg operation will continue to operate into the foreseeable future. For now, customers can order the eggs from the Healthy Traditions' website. Meanwhile, there is more evidence that the State of California was behind this action, as they recently sent a ""cease and desist"" order to Tropical Traditions regarding the sale and shipping of eggs.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32801,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Another tragic reminder that statistics show children taken away from parents, even parents accused of “abuse” or “neglect,” do poorer in foster care than if they had stayed with their parents.

Fox reporter Randy Wallace reports [1] on the tragic death of a 6-month old baby who was taken away from her mother because of accusations the father was allegedly abusive. Randy Wallace also reported on the 19-month old child in Houston who was allegedly medically kidnapped. [2]

6-month-old baby dies while in CPS custody

by Randy Wallace [1]

MyFoxHouston.com [1]

Excerpts:

“Today is the last day I will ever see my daughter again,” said Anastasia Hernandez through tears.

Hernandez’s baby girl, Aaliyah Rodriguez spent three days on life support at Texas Children’s hospital and the grieving mother and her family members have no idea why the 6-month-old baby is dead.

“I seen them last week,” Hernandez said. “They were fine nothing was wrong with them.”

She says a CPS caseworker called her on Monday and told her to come to Texas Children’s Hospital.

“All they told me was there was a little accident,” Hernandez said. “I get here and they told me my daughter had head trauma and severe brain damage.”

Hernandez says CPS entered her life after the police were called to her home in 2014. Her youngest son who was one at the time had marks on him. He and his older brother were taken into protective custody by CPS. The youngest boy’s father CPS says was convicted of abusing the boy.

Hernandez was not suspected of harming the child. Still after her baby girl was born CPS swooped in.

“She was removed from my arms at only 3 days old and put into foster care with the same home,” said Hernandez.

Hernandez says she begged CPS to place her children with family members.

If that would have happened the grieving mother says her baby daughter would be alive today.

“My daughter’s never going to come back,’ Hernandez sobbed. “Nobody can give her back to me they can’t replace her.”

Read the full article and watch the video here. [1]

Comment on this article on MedicalKidnap.com [3]

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32992,"by Baxter Dmitry

Yournewswire.com

Excerpts:

An insider from the Ministry of Health in Russia has revealed that an explosive report is about to be presented to the Kremlin regarding the huge vaccination cover-up being perpetuated by the US government agencies and its regulatory bodies, which is having disastrous consequences around most of the world.

It is understood President Putin personally requested the report. He instinctively mistrusts the vaccine agenda and wants the report to investigate the state of play regarding vaccines, Big Pharma, and Western governments, in order to formulate a solid, direct response that will stand his people in good stead for the future.

According to the Ministry of Health insider, the report validates President Putin’s suspicions. There is a huge conflict of interests between the government agencies which regulate vaccines and the corporations that approve and implement the vaccines.

This investigation, involving internationally respected scientists and leading medical professionals, won’t be a laughably corrupt affair involving a payroll of ‘scientists’ who are willing to say or do anything for a dollar or two. Considering the fact that leading scientists and doctors who have dared voice concern about state-enforced vaccinations have been dying under mysterious circumstances in the US in recent years, kudos must be given to those brave enough to continue speaking out.

Read the full article at Yournewswire.com

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21997,"Those tiny miracles. God’s most precious gift to us. We hold them in wonder just moments after they are born. We love them in a way we never loved anyone, and they love us in a way that no one else ever will. We will not be silent while our children are being harmed by those who have no liability or accountability for their actions. We will not bow down before our oppressors and witness the biological integrity of another generation of children be destroyed in this bitter harvest that can only continue if we allow it to continue. This is a Health Liberty Revolution and we are declaring our independence from the profit-driven, fear-based toxic paradigm embraced by government and fed by industries that are bankrupting America’s health care system and taking away our freedom to choose how we and our children heal and stay well. The pharmaceutical industry and negligent doctors must be held fully accountable and liable for vaccine injuries and deaths in civil court. And every public health law in America must include informed consent protections in the form of flexible medical, religious and conscientious belief exemptions. The mountain you must climb is high, but you will climb it and bring about a new age of enlightenment in this Health Liberty Revolution led by people for the people. And you will not give up, just like we have not given up, because we are doing this work to save our children and the country we love. We are the daughters and sons of liberty, and our mission continues: No forced vaccination. Not in America.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32429,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Attorney Shawn McMillan is continuing his fight against the corrupt Child and Protective Services in California, and has now filed a class action lawsuit against Orange County California for allegedly seizing more 5000 children in State-sponsored kidnappings. This follows his December 2014 class action lawsuit against CPS in Riverside County in California, which is also accused of kidnapping “thousands” of children without cause.

Class Action Lawsuit Filed Against Orange County (CA) Child Protective Services Alleges Unwarranted Seizure of Thousands of Children

by PRWeb

The Law Office of Shawn A. McMillan has filed a class action lawsuit against Orange County Child Protective Services alleging that the agency has seized more than 5,000 children without obtaining warrants as required under the 4th and 14th Amendments to the United States Constitution.

Attorney Shawn A. McMillan, of the Law Office of Shawn A. McMillan, filed a Federal Lawsuit in the Central District of California, Southern Division on April 20, 2015 (case number 8:15-cv-00626). The lawsuit alleges that the Orange County Child Protective Services Agency took a young boy from his mother’s home in the middle of the night without any justification, and without first obtaining a warrant. The Class Action complaint also alleges that as a matter of practice the agency frequently removes children from the custody of their parents without first obtaining a warrant where no emergency exists, and has done so for at least five years.

Lead plaintiff B.R. sued Orange County and Social Worker Myeshia Hammond, and all similarly situated county social workers, in his April 20, 2016 lawsuit.

The lawsuit claims that B.R. is one of thousands of children wrongfully taken from their parents by county social workers.

B.R. seeks class certification, an injunction and compensatory, statutory and punitive damages for civil rights violations.

Full press release here.

Comment on this story at MedicalKidnap.com

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33319,"A Colorado mother is being forced to put her son, who is suffering from leukemia, back into toxic chemotherapy and radiation treatment that almost killed him, even though his cancer is in remission. When her son almost died from the first round of chemotherapy, she took him to Colorado so she could give him medical marijuana which is natural and has none of the side effects of chemotherapy. In spite of the fact that there is solid scientific research on cannabis healing cancer, it remains not only a drug not approved by the FDA, but a criminal illegal drug federally. Colorado recently passed laws allowing it to be distributed in that state. But under threat of the CPS taking her child away, she was forced to obey a medical doctor to allow chemotherapy to resume again.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32449,"Tropical Traditions is now Healthy Traditions!

Press Release

Tropical Traditions, Inc. – Healthy Traditions DBA

Contact Info

Visitors to TropicalTraditions.com and other websites owned by Tropical Traditions, including Grass-fed Traditions and Household Traditions, will now notice that they are doing their shopping on HealthyTraditions.com.

Why the Change?

In 2002 Tropical Traditions was formed to distribute Virgin Coconut Oil made by hand by small-scale producers in the Philippines. Tropical Traditions was the first one to introduce “Virgin Coconut Oil” from the Philippines to the U.S. market. Demonized for years as “unhealthy” due to the high content of saturated fat in coconut oil, there were very few places where one could purchase coconut oil in 2002, and the few sources available were generally highly refined coconut oils.

Tropical Traditions changed the market and the public’s perception regarding coconut oil and saturated fats, and today coconut oil is widely available in stores everywhere and only considered unhealthy by those misinformed by the propaganda against saturated fats.

Tropical Traditions is still one of the only sources where one can purchase traditionally-made virgin coconut oil that is wet-milled from fresh coconuts and not mass-produced by machine, offered as their Gold Label Virgin Coconut Oil.

To learn more about the different coconut oils offered in today’s market, see:

As Tropical Traditions grew, they began adding other traditional products which were hard to find in commodity food markets such as local chain grocery stores. They developed their own line of skin care products made from high quality oils. They also began sourcing grass-fed meats such as grass-fed bison, grass-fed beef from the rare Galloway breed, and pastured poultry raised on their own feed developed without soy (and now also no corn), believed to be the first ones in the market to develop such a poultry feed.

This special feed was developed further for layers, so that they could offer the public eggs from chickens that did not eat soy or GMO grains. Tropical Traditions participated in a study at Ohio University at the time that showed the protein from soybeans in chicken feed passed into the egg yolks and tissue of the chickens, potentially making people who thought they were allergic to eggs understand that they might actually be allergic to the soy protein that exists in almost all commercial eggs today, including organic eggs. They are believed to have been the first company to offer eggs completely free from soy protein.

As Tropical Traditions continued to grow, they continued to develop and add products that were either not available on the market, or hard to find. They began developing their own non-toxic household products and featuring them on their Household Traditions website, for example. A couple years ago they added an entire line of high quality essential oils imported from France.

Today, the business is so much more than just a coconut oil company, and as the company continues to grow and develop unique healthy products that are hard to find elsewhere in the market, they are now bringing all of their product lines under the banner of “Healthy Traditions” to more accurately describe the mission of the company.

What is Healthy Traditions?

Healthy Traditions is much more than just a new product line or brand.

It is a set of standards defined by traditional values and ways of producing food and healthy products. Recognizing that today’s standards for terms such as “organic,” “GMO-free,” or “natural” can often be confusing and conflicting, Healthy Traditions developed their own standards that far exceed most other industry buzzword marketing terms.

Healthy Traditions is a concept that understands that “newer” is not necessarily “better” or “healthier.” There is much wisdom from the ancients, and history shows us that we are living during an age in which people are less connected to food sources than perhaps any other period of human history. The result is that the production of food today is primarily controlled by a very small group of large corporations. These corporations may not reflect our own values in terms of food; so there is a need to return to basics and fundamentals of food production that have historically nourished populations for thousands of years.

Food is necessary for life, and therefore has historically carried great value. In the 21st century, it would appear that the majority of those who control the food supply value quantity over quality. In the U.S., powerful government subsidies backed by tax revenues control which crops dominate the world marketplace. If a change is to come about in the food choices available today, it will take an educated consumer understanding what healthy food is, and being willing to pay a higher price for unsubsidized food that is not controlled by large government-backed food monopolies. For more on this topic see: YOU the Taxpayer are Funding the Agri Business Takeover of our Food Supply.

GMO Labeling

Since most of the population in the U.S. today are purchasing food that they have no idea of its origin, labeling has become a big issue. Since 2002 the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has controlled and regulated the term “organic.” The difficulties in trusting the USDA Organic Certification program are addressed here.

The more recent controversy over labeling is regarding genetically modified foods (GMOs).

While consumer demand is present to know whether or not food is genetically altered, Healthy Traditions has tested food that has been labeled by private organizations that supply some sort of non-GMO verification label, and found that they may still contain small amounts of GMOs.

Also, there are only a handful of crops that are currently approved to be grown with genetically modified seed, and yet everything under the sun is being labeled “non-GMO” even if there are no GMO equivalents in the marketplace. Non-GMO product labeling has grown to more than $$1 billion in sales, and is a profitable marketing term.

Healthy Traditions has developed its own standards for GMO labeling with their GMO-Tested program.

Glyphosate Labeling

Perhaps a far bigger need today is to know which foods are contaminated with the toxic herbicide glyphosate. Healthy Traditions is not aware of any labeling program that makes claims for providing foods not contaminated with glyphosate, so they started their own Glyphosate-Tested program.

Tropical Traditions and the Healthy Traditions line of products developed out of a need to supply foods in the marketplace that were either not available or difficult to find. As stated above, it started with coconut oil back in 2002. Tropical Traditions also restored traditional methods of producing coconut oil by hand, and also worked to provide consumer access to other traditional products that had fallen out of favor in the U.S. market, but for which there was a demand from health-conscious consumers interested in sourcing food outside the corporate commodity food supply kept cheap by government subsidies.

As the business has grown over the past fifteen years, it has endeavored to educate consumers in traditional products, and to make those products available in the marketplace. While they have always been committed to non-GMO and standards that far exceed the current USDA standards for organic food, they felt it was time to define their own standards and labels. These are the same standards they have retained since day one, but now it was time to define those standards and distinguish themselves from other certification standards currently found in the marketplace.

Traditionally Produced

“Traditionally Produced” is Healthy Traditions’ highest standard. When you see the “Traditionally Produced” logo, this carries their Gold Label standard of traditionally produced food, far exceeding “organic” or “non-GMO” standards.

For foods to be considered “Traditionally Produced” they must have a “traditional” history in the food chain. New foods that have been introduced into the food chain in the past 65 to 70 years, since the Industrial Revolution, cannot carry the “Traditionally Produced” seal of approval.

Additionally, foods carrying the “Traditionally Produced” seal must also be traceable back to the actual producer. Foods that meet all the standards of “Traditionally Produced” that cannot be directly traced to the producer can still carry the “Healthy Traditions Approved” seal, if they are free from GMO and glyphosate contamination.

For foods that have a risk of contamination from GMO crops and glyphosate, Healthy Traditions requires each batch to be tested and return a result of “no detection” in order to carry ANY of their seals.

USDA Organic Standards Allows for Some Presence of GMOs, Herbicides, and Pesticides

Tropical Traditions/Healthy Traditions made the decision to not continue certifying their products as USDA Organic late in 2014, when they discovered that most of the USDA Organic grains they were selling to their customers had residue amounts of glyphosate, the active ingredient in popular herbicides, the most well-known being Round-up, the #1 herbicide in the world. See:

Healthy Traditions has a ZERO tolerance level for GMOs, herbicides, and pesticides, and since the USDA National Organic Program (NOP) allows small residue amounts of pesticides and herbicides approved by the EPA for conventional crops to be present in USDA Organic certified products, they knew that they had to develop their own standards.

A Return to Healthy Grains!

Recent research suggests that the increase in gluten sensitive diseases may not be due to gluten after all, but rather to the herbicides and pesticides common in today’s modern grain agriculture. See:

Healthy grains have been a part of the human diet for thousands of years! At Healthy Traditions, they are committed to restoring healthy grains to a healthy diet.

All of their grains are tested for the presence of glyphosate. Healthy Traditions has searched the entire world to find the healthiest grains available, including older varieties of ancient grains, such as einkorn.

There is probably no product more heavily polluted today than corn. Healthy Traditions has had very little success finding corn in the U.S. that tests clean from BOTH glyphosate and GMOs, including USDA certified organic corn.

They finally found a source of open-pollinated heirloom corn from a remote area of Mexico that tested clean, and can be traced back to the farmer. They believe their corn products are among the most healthy corn products found anywhere in the world!

What’s in the Future for Healthy Traditions?

Healthy Traditions is continuing to develop and source new products that are Traditionally Produced, and test clean from the presence of GMOs and glyphosate along with other herbicides and pesticides.

Here are a few products they will be offering for sale in the very near future:

Extra Virgin Olive Oil

Healthy Traditions has found a source of a superb estate-bottled cold pressed extra virgin olive oil from SANTIAGO, CHILE. The Mediterranean climate of this region is perfect for growing olives. The valley where the olives are grown is nestled between a small Pacific coastal mountain range and the larger Andes Mountains. This unique setting allows for warm days and cool nights to help produce the wonderful taste of this fruity oil.

What is unique about an estate-bottled olive oil? The big producers buy oil from around a region and blend it for a uniform, generally bland flavor. This is the composition of most oils on grocery store shelves. Estate bottling means that the oil is pressed from olives grown at one location. Much more attention to detail is paid in the growing and harvesting of the olives. This estate practices sustainable agriculture principles and no chemical pesticides or fertilizers are used on the olives or the trees. As an added assurance the oil has been tested for the herbicide glyphosate.

Authentic Mexican Corn Tortilla Chips

Healthy Traditions will soon be offering Authentic Mexican Corn Tortilla Chips made from GMO-tested White Corn from Mexico and fried in Tropical Traditions Coconut Oil!

These chips are very different from any other chip you will find in the market. They are made in small batches using authentic ingredients; the result is a chip that has a firm “bite” and won’t break at the site of that cold hummus from the fridge.

The corn is transformed into masa, through the traditional Aztec process of nixtamalization. During this process the corn is soaked and cooked in an alkaline solution of limewater (calcium hydroxide and water), which allows the husk to “slip” from the kernel.

Italian Type 00 Flour

Yes, you can have healthy pizza again!

Healthy Traditions will soon add to its line of Traditionally Produced grains Type 00 Flour imported from Italy. This all-purpose flour is perfect for making pizza crusts in the true Italian tradition. It is also a great all-purpose flour for using with many other baked goods. It is tested for the presence of glyphosate, and is grown on small farms in Italy using sustainable agricultural principles.

Roasted Cacao Nibs

Healthy Traditions will soon be offering roasted cacao nibs. These cacao nibs will make a great addition to your baked goods, smoothies, salads, ice cream, yogurt, or can be enjoyed as a standalone snack.

The beans used are grown in the area where the ancient Mayans first began to make use of cacao beans, thousands of years ago. Today, with the help of Healthy Traditions, the local people are bringing back a tradition that was almost forgotten. As with many traditional forms of agriculture around the world, the cacao industry in Belize was almost extinct due to the industrial agriculture practices of deforestation and growing cacao on large plantations. However, with a new interest in quality, sustainability, and fair market practices in the cacao and chocolate trade, the small family farmers of Belize are able to provide a high quality bean as well as provide for their families. They are able to do this while maintaining the rainforest, which will continue to provide beans and other resources for generations to come.

A Word About Those Brown Bags…

When Healthy Traditions began to look at producing products in the U.S. from traditional sources, food that tested clean from GMOs, glyphosate, and other herbicides and pesticides, they were faced with a dilemma:

How do they package these high quality clean foods?

They began a search for packaging that did not contain harmful chemicals and was not harmful to the environment. What good is sourcing and selling high quality traditional food if it is going to be contaminated by the packaging?

The brown bags you see in their newest products reflect what they found was currently the best option for packaging their high-quality line of traditional products.

These bags harmlessly decompose anywhere that microbes are present (salt and fresh water, soil, landfills or in a backyard compost).

They decompose into organic matter without leaving any pollutants behind. (Independent Lab tests show – “None Detected.”)

They have been lab tested for possible leaching of many heavy metals and pollutants, and none were found.

Also, the foam used in the Healthy Traditions’ coolers that contain dry ice to keep their meats frozen in transit is made from bio-degradable corn (although this never touches the food).

Healthy Traditions believes that consumer demand will start driving packaging manufacturers to develop more non-toxic healthy packaging materials in the future, such as food-based edible packaging. Healthy Traditions will continue to research what the best options are for packaging, but for now their options are limited.

Subscribe to Special Deals and Sales!

Since these products are NOT subsidized like cheap commodity food, consumers have to appreciate the quality and be willing to pay the price for very high quality foods.

The best way to offset the costs are to subscribe to the Healthy Traditions’ sales email newsletters where they frequently feature coupons for such things as FREE Shipping, buy 1 get 1 FREE deals, and huge discounts that sometimes are only available for 24 or 48 hours.

One could save hundreds, if not thousands of dollars by purchasing during these limited time available special deals. Subscribe here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33092,"Are you craving fresh inspiration for your dinner plate? We're here to help you discover wholesome and dependable recipes that will nourish you and your family every night of the week. This go-to guide includes 7 entrée recipes + side dish and dessert recommendations that your dinner guests won't find dull. You'll discover that our coconut recipes not only produce great meals, they also encourage a higher quality of life by helping you get away from processed foods found in grocery stores, and back in the kitchen participating in the age-old community of scientists and artist who love to create excellent meals from whole food ingredients. We hope you'll enjoy the flavors, the process, and the conversations you'll be having around your table. Let's get cooking!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
5697,"A substantial amount of research has proven that these naturally-sweet root vegetables possess antioxidant, anti-inflammatory, and disease-fighting components. Orange-colored sweet potatoes owe their appearance to the carotenoid beta-carotene. Carotenoids are natural pigments responsible for the colorful appearances of some fruits and vegetables. As an antioxidant, beta-carotene can help ward off free radicals that damage cells through oxidation, which can speed up aging and make you vulnerable against chronic diseases. This antioxidant can help support your immune system, as well as lower your risk of heart disease and cancer. Beta-carotene can be converted into retinol or vitamin A by your body, and vitamin A contributes to optimal eye health and vision. While taking vitamin A in large doses can be toxic, receiving it from beta-carotene is considered safe due to your body’s ability to regulate its vitamin A production. Sweet potatoes can also contribute to skin health. Vitamin A, which is a natural anti-inflammatory, can help get rid of acne-causing bacteria. Purple sweet potatoes, on the other hand, contain anthocyanins, another type of natural pigments. Anthocyanins are associated with reduced cancer risk. Studies show they help suppress stomach, colon, lung, and breast cancer cell proliferation. They also prevent blood clots by stopping platelets from clumping together – a function that may help fight heart disease.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24343,"[1]

Ambien Zombies, Murder, and Other Disturbing Behavior

By Allison McCabe [1]

TheFix.com [1]

The number one prescription sleep aid is becoming better known for triggering bizarre behavior than it is for treating insomnia.

On March 29, 2009, Robert Stewart, 45, stormed [2]into the Pinelake Health and Rehab nursing home in Carthage, North Carolina and opened fire, killing eight people and wounding two. Stewart’s apparent target was his estranged wife, who worked as a nurse in the home. She hid in a bathroom and was unharmed. Stewart was charged with eight counts of first-degree murder; if convicted, he could face the death penalty. Even though there was evidence that Stewart’s actions were premeditated (he allegedly had a target), Stewart’s defense team successfully argued that since he was under the influence of Ambien, a sleep aid, at the time of the shooting, he was not in control of his actions. Instead of the charges sought by the prosecutors, Stewart was convicted [3]on eight counts of second-degree murder. He received 142 – 179 years in prison.

Ambien, a member of the class of medications known as hypnotics, was approved by the FDA in 1992. It was designed for short term use to combat insomnia and was a welcome change from the prevailing sleep aid at the time, Halcion, which had been implicated [4] in psychosis, suicide, and addiction and had been banned in half a dozen countries. Ambien works by activating the neurotransmitter GABA [5]and binding it to the GABA receptors in the same location [6]as the benzodiazepines such as Xanax and Valium. The extra GABA activity triggered by the drug inhibits the neuron activity that is associated with insomnia. In other words, it slows down the brain. Ambien is extremely effective at initiating sleep, usually working within 20 minutes. It does not, however, have an effect on sustaining sleep unless it is taken in the controlled release form.

[7]After its approval, Ambien quickly rose to dominance [4] in the sleep aid market. Travelers swore by it to combat jet lag, and women, who suffer more insomnia than men, bought it in droves. Sanofi, Ambien’s French manufacturer, made $$2 billion in sales at its peak. In 2007 the generic version of Ambien was released, Zolpidem, and at less than $$2 per pill, it still remains one of the most prescribed drugs in America, outselling popular painkillers like Percocet and prescription strength ibuprofen.

Although the Ambien prescribing information warned, in small print, that medications in the hypnotic class had occasional side effects including sleep walking, “abnormal thinking,” and “strange behavior,” these behaviors were listed as extremely rare, and any anecdotal evidence of “sleep driving,” “sleep eating,” or “sleep shopping”—all behaviors now associated with Ambien blackouts—were characterized as unusual quirks, or attributed to mixing the medication with alcohol. It wasn’t until Patrick Kennedy’s 2006 middle-of-the-night car accident and subsequent explanation to arriving officers that he was running late for a vote that the bizarre side effects of Ambien began to receive national attention. Kennedy claimed that he had taken the sleep aid and had no recollection of the events that night.

Shortly after the Kennedy incident, Ambien users sued Sanofi because of bizarre sleep-eating behaviors while on the drugs. According to Chana Lask, attorney for the class action suit, people were eating things like buttered cigarettes and eggs, complete with the shells, while under the influence of Ambien. Lask called people in this state “Ambien zombies.” As a result of the lawsuit, and of increasing reports coming in about “sleep driving,” the FDA ordered all hypnotics to issue stronger warnings on their labels.

In addition to giving consumers extra information so they could take the medication more carefully, the warning labels also gave legitimacy to the Ambien (or Zombie) defense. In March of 2011, Lindsey Schweigert took one Ambien before getting into bed at 6pm. Hours later, she woke up in custody with no idea how she’d gotten there. In the following weeks, Schweigert pieced together the events of that night. She’d gotten out of bed, drawn a bath, and left the house with her dog. She started driving to a local restaurant but crashed into another car soon after leaving her house. Police described her as swaying and glassy-eyed. She failed a sobriety test and was charged with DWI and running a stoplight.

Schweigert had a job that required a security clearance. She had never been in trouble with the law before and was terrified of losing her job and having a criminal record. Prosecutors initially wanted to impose a six month jail sentence in addition to other punishments, but Schweigert’s lawyer argued that Lindsey’s bizarre behavior on the night in question was a result of a medication which warned right on the label [8]that “After taking AMBIEN, you may get up out of bed while not being fully awake and do an activity that you do not know you are doing. The next morning, you may not remember that you did anything during the night…Reported activities include: driving a car (“sleep-driving”), making and eating food, talking on the phone, having sex, sleep-walking.” In fact, the lawyer argued, Schweigert should have been taken to a hospital, not to jail. Prosecutors dropped the charges [4] and allowed Lindsey to plead to the lesser charge of careless driving, which meant that she could keep her security clearance. Her license was suspended for a year, however, and she had to pay upwards of $$9,000 in legal fees.

As a result of the Schweigert verdict, an attorney successfully used the Ambien defense to overturn a 2006 DWI conviction for a New Jersey woman by arguing that the drug’s labeling had changed six months after his client’s arrest. The court agreed, saying that it would be an “injustice to hold her responsible for the undisclosed side effects of a popular and readily available medication that she was lawfully prescribed and properly administered.”

The Ambien defense was also used in the case of Julie Ann Bronson, a 45-year-old flight attendant from Texas. In April of 2009, Bronson took a couple of Ambien to help her sleep. She had been drinking wine earlier in the day, and went to bed early. She awoke the following morning in jail, still in her pajamas, barefoot and terrified. When she was told that she had run over three people, including an 18-month-old girl who suffered severe brain damage as a result of the wreck, she was horrified. “It was surreal. It was like a bad dream.” In May of 2012, Bronson pleaded guilty [9] to the felonies of intoxication assault and failure to stop and render aid. “I did the crime but I never intended to do it,” she testified. “I wouldn’t hurt a flea. And if I would have hit somebody, I would have stopped and helped. We’re trained in CPR.” Bronson faced ten years, but because of the Ambien defense, she will serve six months in prison [10] and have ten years of probation.

Not all prosecutors will consider the Ambien defense, and its position within established criminal rules is tenuous [11]. It doesn’t really fall under “voluntary intoxication,” in which someone is responsible for his own intoxication and any events that occur as a result of that intoxication. The Ambien defendants knowingly took the drug, but they were not aware that they were drugging themselves in a way that could produce anything other than sleep. Nor does the Ambien defense fit under “involuntary intoxication,” which is when someone commits a crime after being drugged without his knowledge, or has an unpredictable reaction to a prescribed medication. The defendants knowingly took the medication, and the reactions, although surprising, were not unpredictable because they are listed as potential side effects in the prescribing information. Finally, there is the “unconsciousness/sleepwalking” defense, in which the person is not responsible for the crime if he did not intentionally cause the sleepwalking or unconsciousness. The whole motivation for taking Ambien in the first place is presumably to cause unconsciousness so this defense doesn’t really apply either.

Ironically, you are more likely to be successful using the Ambien defense if you injure or kill someone [4] than if you just crash into a parked car or a tree. DWI laws usually just require the prosecution to prove that the defendant was loaded and got into a car to drive. There’s no requirement to show intention. When someone is harmed, however, it is up to the prosecutor to prove that the defendant was aware enough to be guilty of the crime. If people on Ambien are acting in an automatic, or unconscious state, it’s hard to claim that they have knowledge of their actions. That’s why people like Lindsey Schweigert get suspended licenses while Donna Neely, who was sleep-driving on Ambien and killed a mother of 11, was acquitted of vehicular manslaughter.

Not everyone who engages in bizarre behavior as a result of taking Ambien ends up in legal trouble. And some people enjoy the high they get from the drug so much that they are willing to overlook the blackouts and negative consequences that result from their drug use. Most recreational users started out taking the drug to treat insomnia, but found that if they fought the drug’s sleep-inducing effect, they could get really high. “It’s like having that last drink at the bar when you know you should go home — I’d fight the pill’s effects and stay up, often telling my friends insane things like how to turn the light in the room into energy, or how paintings of forest scenes on their walls were actually drawings of mermaids bathing themselves in blood,” writes one young woman [12] whose addiction to Ambien caused increasingly bizarre and alienating behavior. She continued taking the pill and staying awake regularly until one morning she woke up with two black eyes and a cut across her nose. Her pillows were bloody, and there was a stranger, naked and wrapped in a rug, on her floor. Neither she nor the stranger had any recollection of the events of the previous night. That situation, though jarring, was not enough to get her to give up Ambien; the high was too good. She took a break, but was soon back to taking it regularly, filled with rationalizations for her erratic behavior (All 20-somethings take drugs!) It wasn’t until she was found wandering the Brooklyn streets in the middle of the night, nearly naked, that she was able to give it up for good.

Rapper Eminem, whose albums have titles like “Relapse” and “Recovery,” has been open about his battles with prescription drug addiction [13], including his near overdose on methadone, his relapse, and his eventual detox. He blames Ambien [14], however, for huge lapses in his memory over five years and an extended period of writer’s block. “…a lot of my memory is gone. I don’t know if you’ve ever taken Ambien, but it’s kind of a memory-eraser. That shit wiped out five years of my life. People will tell me stories, and it’s like, “I did that?” I saw myself doing this thing on [television network] BET recently, and I was like, “When was that?”” Eminem has kept some of his writing from that period, admitting to Rolling Stone that “It fucking creeps me out…Letters all down the page – it was like my hand weighed 400 pounds. I have all that shit in a box in my closet. As a reminder that I don’t ever want to go back.”

Ambien is an effective sleep aid and a huge money maker for its manufacturer. Most people take it as prescribed and treat their insomnia successfully with no problems. But the problems that do occur with the drug are often extreme and tragic, and they seem to be increasing. (These cases only scratch the surface – currently a man in Northern California is using the Ambien defense [15] to fight a charge of second degree sexual abuse of a minor and third degree sexual abuse of a minor. He allegedly molested a 10-year-old girl in April of 2012. He has no recollection of the alleged molestation and a polygraph test supports his claim. His court case is set for March. There is also a whole website, Ambien Outrage [16], dedicated to making “the public aware of the dangers of Ambien, Ambien CR and Zolpidem.” Additionally it maintains a database of “victims of Ambien,” those people who have either been harmed or killed by people on Ambien, or who have themselves committed bizarre acts while on Ambien.)

In May of last year, the FDA acted again to change the labeling [17] on Ambien, this time lowering the recommended dose and warning people who take the controlled release version that they “should not drive or engage in other activities that require complete mental alertness the day after taking the drug because zolpidem levels can remain high enough the next day to impair these activities.” If the whole idea of taking a sleep aid is to treat insomnia so that you can function more effectively during the day, being instructed to avoid driving and other activities that require mental alertness seems to defeat the purpose of taking the drug in the first place.

The DEA categorizes drugs according to their potential for abuse and addiction [18]. Schedule I drugs are the most likely to be abused, and Schedule V drugs have the least potential for abuse or addiction. Ambien is a schedule IV drug, and can be prescribed and refilled without restriction. Some toxicologists, such as Janci Lindsay, believe [4] that many Ambien-related tragedies would be avoided if the drug were upgraded to Schedule II, a category that includes controlled substances such as Ritalin and Oxycontin. Other countries, such as Australia, Taiwan, and Japan, have all issued special warnings about Ambien and have begun regulating the drug more carefully ever since reports started surfacing about “potentially dangerous” Ambien-induced behaviors.

Julie Ann Bronson took ambien and then later got out of bed and got behind the wheel in a blackout. She ended up running over people and causing a baby to have severe brain damage. Lindsey Schweigert also got out of bed, unconscious, and engaged in bizarre behavior before crashing her car. Even in the wake of these and other tragedies, Sanofi still maintains that “When taken as prescribed, Ambien is a safe and effective treatment for insomnia.” Sanofi also points out that the prescribing literature warns patients not to drive or to get out of bed after taking the medication.

Just think: If only Julie, Lindsey, and countless others had followed Sanofi’s instructions and not gotten out of bed, all these tragedies could have been prevented!

Read the full article here: http://www.thefix.com/content/ambien-zombies-murder-and-other-disturbing-behavior [1]

The Road Back

How to Get Off Psychoactive Drugs Safely

By James Harper

[19]

Free Shipping Available for this book!

Learn More [19]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2345,"By Brian Shilhavy

Editor, Health Impact News

In what was perhaps the biggest news event of 2014 (that the mainstream media does not want to cover), the full ramifications of Dr. William Thompson of the CDC coming forward as a whistleblower to confess that the CDC has covered up data linking vaccines to autism are yet to be seen. (See: CDC Whistleblower: CDC Covered Up MMR Vaccine Link to Autism in African American Boys)

However, while blame and (hopefully) criminal complaints more than likely await many people who participated in this cover-up, there is one man who deserves honor, and to whom the mainstream media owes a huge apology: Dr. Andrew Wakefield.

Dr. Wakefield is the world-renowned gastrointestinal surgeon and researcher who has been accused of fraud and fabricating studies that show a link between the MMR vaccine and bowel disease, present in many children with autism. Dr. Wakefield was not an anti-vaccine doctor. Rather, he was a doctor interested in vaccine safety, and his studies led him (and many other researchers) to believe that there were problems with the three-combo vaccine of measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR). He did not advise his patients to stop vaccinating, but instead to vaccinate for these three diseases with single vaccines, rather than the combo.

There was just one problem with this advice. While this advice was in the best interest of parents seeking vaccine safety, it was not in the best interest of the manufacturer of the MMR vaccine (Merck), which saw a decline in its sales in the UK (although there was initially an increase in the sale of single-dose vaccines).

Dr. Wakefield’s research regarding the MMR vaccine and its link to bowel disease and autism was originally published in the Lancet. But a journalist by the name of Brian Deer published an article in the British Medical Journal criticizing Dr. Wakefield and accusing him of fraud. As a result, his study in the Lancet was retracted. Dr. Wakefield, and one of the co-authors of the retracted article, Prof. John Walker-Smith, were barred from practicing medicine by the United Kingdom’s General Medical Council regulatory board.

What you will not read in the mainstream media, however, is that both the BMJ and Lancet have strong financial ties to the manufacturer of the MMR vaccine. (See: BMJ & Lancet Wedded to Merck CME Partnership) You probably also did not read that Dr. Andrew’s co-author in the study, Prof. John Walker-Smith, fought an expensive legal battle against the United Kingdom’s General Medical Council and won. He was completely exonerated.

Dr. Andrew Wakefield, in the meantime, lost his career and name for simply following the truth his research led him to. He became the scapegoat, the “straw man” to knock down in the mainstream media. Every time someone would bring up any question regarding vaccines and autism you will usually encounter something like: “That theory has been totally proven false, and the guy who made it up was convicted of fraud.” I have even had people tell me on social media that “the guy” (most don’t even know his name) did “prison time.”

However, Dr. Wakefield was never convicted by a jury or in a court of law, and he lives in the U.S. today. He has issued challenges to his accusers to debate him in the media, but of course they have never accepted his challenge. He is a leading expert in gut health, a subject sorely needing research today, in an age where not only vaccines, but antibiotics, pesticides, and many other things have destroyed our ability to digest our food properly, leading to many bowel diseases. A list of his research, provided from his Facebook Page, is listed below.

If you want to know what people who personally know Dr. Wakefield think about him, read this report from one of the parents of two children that were part of his study that was allegedly “fabricated.” Dr. Wakefield was so successful in working with parents and children in in the U.K., helping them to find solutions to complicated health problems, that a British TV program was made dramatizing his work in the 1990s. It recently resurfaced on YouTube here.

UPDATE 6/8/2015: Vaccine Whistleblowers File to Compel Merck to Respond to Federal Lawsuit

See Also:

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $0.99

DR AJ WAKEFIELD

PUBLICATIONS



Mant TG, Lewis JL, Mattoo TK, Rigden SP, VolansGN, House IM, Wakefield AJ, Cole RS.Mercury poisoning after disc-battery ingestion. HumToxicol. 1987:6:179-81.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/3557477



Silverman R, Cohen Z, Craig M, Wakefield A, Kim P, Langer B, Levy G. Monocyte/macrophage procoagulant activity (PCA) as ameasure of immune responsiveness in Lewis and Brown Norway inbred rats:discordance with lymphocyte proliferative assays. Transplantation 1989;47: 542-548.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2522255

Wakefield AJ, Gordon EM. A huge renal cystpresenting in childhood. Case report and review of the literature. Journalof the Royal Society of Medicine 1989; 82: 443-445.



http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2685309



Kim P, Wakefield AJ, Cohen Z, Craig M, Levy G. The reversal of cyclosporine mediated suppression of alloantigen induced monocyteprocoagulant activity by H 2 antagonists cimetidine and ranitidine invitro. Transplantation Proceedings 1989; 21: 844-847.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2705248

Kim P, Wakefield AJ, Cohen Z, Craig M,Levy G. The reversal of cyclosporine mediated suppression of monocyteprocoagulantactivity by H 2 antagonists in a rat small intestinal transplantation model. Transplantation Proceedings 1989: 21;2900-2902.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2784921

Wakefield AJ, Cohen Z, Craig M, Jeejeebhoy KN, LevyGA. The thrombogenicity of total parenteral nutrition solutions. I: Effect oninduction of monocyte macrophage procoagulant activity.Gastroenterology1989; 97: 1210-1219.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2507384

Wakefield AJ, Cohen Z, Craig M, Rosenthal A,Gotleib A, Jeejeebhoy KN, Levy GA. The thrombogenicity of total parenteralnutrition solutions. II: Effect on induction of endothelial cell procoagulantactivity. Gastroenterology 1989; 97: 1220-1228.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2507385

Wakefield AJ, Sawyerr AM, Dhillon AP, Pittilo RM,Rowles PM, Lewis AAM, Pounder RE. Pathogenesis of Crohn’s disease: multifocalgastrointestinal infarction. Lancet 1989; ii: 1057-1062.



Sinclair S, Wakefield AJ, Levy GA Fulminanthepatic failure. Springer Seminars in Immunopathology, (ed) Thomas HC1990; 12: 33-45

Wakefield AJ, Cohen Z, Levy GA. Procoagulantactivity in Gastroenterology. Gut 1990; 31: 239-242.

Sawyerr AM, Wakefield AJ, Hudson M, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE. The pharmacological implications of leucocyte-endothelial cell interactions in Crohn’s disease. Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics1991; 5: 1-14.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1681952

Wakefield AJ, Dhillon AP, Sawyerr AM, Sankey E,More, L, Sim R, Pittilo RM, Rowles PM, Hudson M, Lewis AAM, Pounder RE. Granulomatous vasculitis in Crohn’s disease. Gastroenterology 1991; 100:1279-1287.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/2013373

Wakefield AJ, Sawyerr AM, Hudson M, Dhillon AP,Pounder RE. Smoking, the oral contraceptive pill and Crohn’s disease. Digestive Diseases & Sciences 1991; 36: 1147-1150.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1864207

Kelleher J, Wakefield AJ, Gordon I, RansleyP. Renal injury in complete ureteric obstruction: a functional and morphologicalstudy. Urological Research 1991; 19: 245-248.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1656580

Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ, Sawyerr AM, Hudson M, Dhillon AP. Pathogenesis of Crohn’s disease: granulomatous vasculitis andmultifocal gastrointestinal infarction Proceedings of the Falk Symposium on Inflammatory Bowel Disease 1991; 5: 33-38.



Kelleher JP, Shah V, Godley M, Wakefield AJ,Gordon I, Ransley PG, Snell ME, Risdon RA. Urinary endothelium (ET-1) incomplete ureteric obstruction in the miniature pig. Urological Research1992; 20: 63-65.



http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1736488



Wakefield AJ, Fox JD, Sawyerr AM, Taylor JE,Sweenie CH, Smith M, Emery V, Hudson M, Tedder RS, Pounder RE. Detection of herpesvirus DNA in the large intestine of patients with ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease using the nested polymerase chain reaction. Journal of Medical Virology 1992; 38: 183-190.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1287131

Wakefield AJ, Hudson M, Pounder RE. Crohn’s Conflict (Invited article). Medical Laboratory World1992; 5: 9-1.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1287131

Hudson M, Piasecki C, Sankey EA, Sim R, Wakefield AJ, More LJ, Sawyerr AM, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE. A ferret model of acutemultifocal gastrointestinal infarction. Gastroenterology 1992; 102:1591-1596.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1568569

Dhillon AP, Anthony A, Sim R, Wakefield AJ, Sankey EA, Hudson M, Allison MC, Pounder RE. Mucosal capillary thrombi in rectal biopsies. Histopathology 1992; 21: 127-133.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1505929

Hudson M, Hutton R, Wakefield AJ, Sawyerr AM, Pounder RE. Evidence for activation of coagulation in Crohn’s disease. Blood Coagulation and Fibrinolysis 1992; 3: 773-778.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1489898

Hudson M, Wakefield AJ, Hutton RA, SankeyEA, Dhillon AP, More L, Sim R, Pounder RE. Factor XIIIa subunit and Crohn’s disease. Gut 1993; 34: 75-79.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8094363

Wakefield AJ, Hudson M, More L. Procoagulantactivity in gastroenterology. In: Procoagulant Activity in Health andDisease. Eds: Levy GA; Cole EH. CRC Press: Ann Arbor, USA. 1993; 5: 87-110.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7701246

SankeyEA, Dhillon AP, Anthony A, Wakefield AJ,Sim R, More L, Hudson M, Sawyerr AAM, Pounder RE. Early mucosal changes inCrohn’s disease. Gut 1993; 34: 375-381.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8472987

Osborne M, Hudson M, Piasecki C, Dhillon AP, Lewis AAM, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Crohn’s disease andanastomotic recurrence: microvascular ischaemia and anastomotic healing in an animal model. British Journal of Surgery 1993; 80: 226-229.

http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8443664

Anthony A, Dhillon AP, Nygård G, Hudson M, Piasecki C, Strong P, Trevethick MA, Clayton NM, Jordan CC, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Early histological features of small intestinal injury induced by indomethacin. Alimentary Pharmacology &.Therapeutics.1993; 7: 29-39.

Wakefield AJ, Pittilo RM, Sim R, Cosby SL,Stephenson JR, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE. Evidence of persistent measles virusinfection in Crohn’s disease. Journal of Medical Virology. 1993; 39:345-353.

Smith M, Wakefield AJ. Viral associationwith Crohn’s disease: Invited article. Annals of Medicine1993; 25:557-561.

More L, Sim R, Hudson M, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Immunohistochemical study of tissue factor expression in normal intestine and idiopathic inflammatory bowel disease. Journal ofClinical Pathology 1993;46:703-708.

Wakefield AJ, More L, Difford J, McLaughlin JE.Immunohistochemical study of vascular injury in acute multiple sclerosis. Journalof Clinical Pathology 1994; 47: 129-133.

Hudson M, Piasecki C, Wakefield AJ, Sankey EA, Dhillon AP, Osborne M, Sim R, Pounder RE. A vascular hypersensitivity modelof acute multifocal intestinal infarction. Digestive Diseases & Sciences1994; 39: 534-539.

NygårdG, Anthony A, Piasecki C, Trevethick MA, Hudson M, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Acuteindomethacin-induced jejunal injury in the rat: early morphological andbiochemical changes. Gastroenterology 1994; 106: 567-575.

Mazure G, Grundy JE, Nygård G, Hudson M, Khan K, Srai K, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Measles virus inductionof human endothelial cell tissue factor procoagulant activity in vitro.Journal of General Virology1994; 75: 2863-2871.

HamiltonMI, Wakefield AJ. Inflammatory boweldisease. Recent Advances in Gastroenterology . Vol.10 Ed. RE Pounder.Churchill Livingstone. London 1994. Vol. 10 9.pp 161-180. ThompsonNP, Wakefield AJ. Infective agents-Vascular factors Inflammatory Bowel Disease . Ed. Allan RN, KeighleyMRB, Rhodes J. Alexander Williams J. 1994;17:133-142. EkbomA, Wakefield AJ, Zack M, Adami H-O.Perinatal measles infection and subsequent Crohn’s disease. Lancet 1994;344: 508-510. SawyerrAM, Pottinger BE, Savage CO, Bradley NJ, Hudson M, Wakefield AJ, Pearson JD, Pounder RE. Serum immunoglobulin Greactive with endothelial cells in inflammatory bowel disease. DigestiveDiseases & Sciences 1994; 39: 1909-1917. AnthonyA, Dhillon AP, Sim R, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Dexamethasone promotes ulcer plugging in experimental enteritis. AlimentaryPharmacol & Therapeutics 1994; 8: 597-602. SmithM, Wakefield AJ. Crohn’s disease:ancient and modern. Invited article. Journal of Postgraduate Medicine .1994; 70: 149-153. AnthonyA, Dhillon AP, Sim R, Nygård G, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Ulceration, fibrosis and diaphragm-like lesions inthe caecum of rats treated with Indomethacin Alimentary Pharmacology &Therapeutics 1994; 8: 417-424. Wakefield AJ. The pathogenesis of Crohn’s disease. ChronicInflammatory Bowel Disease . Stangë E F (Ed), Kluwer Academic Publishers,London, 1994, pp 22-29. Wakefield AJ, Hudson M, Pounder RELeukocyte-endothelial cell interactions in Crohn’s disease: potential targetsfor mesalazine in Crohn’s disease. Advances in Experimental Medicine andBiology 1995 . Ed: McGhee JR and Mestecky J. Plenum Press, NewYork:1307-1311. RayRA, Smith M, Sim R, Nystrom M, Pounder R E, Wakefield AJ. The intracellular polymerase chain reaction for smallCMV genomic sequences within heavily infected cellular sections. Journal ofPathology 1995; 177:171-180. RayRA, Smith M, Sim R, Bruce I, WakefieldAJ. In situ hybridisationdetection of short viral amplicon sequences within cultured cells and bodyfluids after the in situ polymerasechain reaction. Journal of Virological Methods 1995; 52: 247-263. NygårdG, Hudson M, Mazure G, Anthony A, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJProcoagulant and prothrombotic response of humanendothelium to indomethacin and endotoxin invitro: relevance to non-steroidal inflammatory drug enteropathy. ScandinavianJournal of Gastroenterol. 1995; 30: 25-32. NygårdG, Anthony A, Khan K, Bounds SV, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Intestinal site-dependent susceptibility to chronicindomethacin in the rat: a morphological and biochemical study. AlimentaryPharmacology & Therapeutics 1995; 9: 403-410. Wakefield AJ, Ekbom A, Dhillon AP, Pittilo RM,Pounder RE. Crohn’s disease: pathogenesis and persistent measles virusinfection. Gastroenterology 1995; 108: 911-916. ThompsonN, Wakefield AJ, Pounder RE.Inherited disorders of coagulation appears to protect against inflammatorybowel disease. Gastroenterology 1995; 108: 1011-1015. HamiltonMI, Dick R, Crawford L, Thompson NP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Is proximal demarcation of ulcerative colitisdetermined by the territory of the inferior mesenteric artery? Lancet 1995; 345: 688-690. HamiltonMI, Bradley NJ, Srai SKS, Thrasivoulou C, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Autoimmunity in ulcerative colitis: tropomyosin isnot the major antigenic determinant of the Das monoclonal antibody, 7E12H12. Clinical& Experimental Immunology. 1995; 99: 404-411. ThompsonNP, Wakefield AJ, Pounder RE.Prognosis and prognostic risk factors in inflammatory bowel disease. Specialarticle. Saudi Journal of Gastroenterology . 1995;1:129-137. LewinJ, Dhillon AP, Sim R, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Persistent measles virus infection of the intestine: confirmation byimmunogold electron microscopy. Rapid publication. Gut 1995; 36: 564-569. ThompsonNP, Montgomery SM, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Is measles vaccination a risk factor for inflammatory bowel disease? Lancet 1995; 345: 1071-1074. AnthonyA, Dhillon AP, Thrasivoulou C, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Pre-ulcerative villus contraction and microvascular occlusion inducedby indomethacin in the rat jejunum: a detailed morphological study. AlimentaryPharmacology & Therapeutics . 1995;9:605-613. AnthonyA, Dhillon AP, Fidler H, McFadden JJ, Billington O, Nygård G, Pounder RE,Wakefield AJ. Mycobacterial granulomatousinflammation in the ulcerated caecum of indomethacin-treated rats. InternationalJournal of Experimental Pathology . 1995; 76: 149-155. SmithMS, Warren BF, Fox JD, Watkins PE, Hudson M, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Detection of herpesvirus DNA in cotton-top tamarins:no association with colitis. International Journal of Experimental Pathology .1995;76:201-203. SawyerrAM, Smith MS, Hall A, Hudson M, Hay CR, WakefieldAJ, Brook MG, Tomura H, Pounder RE. Serum concentrations of von Willebrandfactor and soluble thrombomodulin indicate alteration of endothelial functionin inflammatory bowel diseases. Digestive Diseases & Sciences . 1995;40: 793-799. Wakefield AJ. Vasculitis and Crohn’s disease: anovel and debated concept. Research and Clinical Forums . 1995; 17: 53-56. Wakefield AJ. Crohn’s disease – the pathogenesis ofa granulomatous vasculitis: A hypothesis. Canadian Journal ofGastroenterology 1995; 9: 199-202. RayR, Cooper PJ, Wakefield AJ. The eraof intracellular nucleic acid technology. Biotechnology . 1995; 13:445-447. ThompsonNP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Perinataland childhood risk factors for inflammatory bowel disease: a case-controlstudy. European Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology. 1995; 7:385-390 Wakefield AJ, Pounder RE. Measles virus in Crohn’sdisease (letter). Lancet 1995;345;660. AnthonyA, Sim R, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Gastric mucosal contraction and vascular injury induced by indomethacinprecede neutrophil infiltration in the rat. Gut 1996; 39: 363-368. EkbomA, Daszak PS, Kraaz W, Wakefield AJ.Crohn’s disease following measles virus exposure in utero: risk estimates and clinical characteristics. Lancet 1996; 344: 508-509. RayR, Cooper PJ, Sim R, Chadwick N, Earle P, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Direct in situ reverse transcriptase polymerasechain reaction for detection of measles virus. Journal of VirologicalMethods 1996;60:1-17. AnthonyA, Bahl A, Oakley IG, Spraggs CF, Dhillon AP, Trevethick MA, Piasecki C,Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. The beta-3adrenoceptor agonist CL316243 prevents indomethacin-induced jejunal ulcerationin the rat by reversing early villous shortening. Journal of Pathology 1996:179:340-346. HudsonM, Chitolie A, Hutton RA, Smith MS, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Thrombotic vascular risk factors in inflammatorybowel disease. Gut 1996;38:733-737. RayR, Sim R, Khan K, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Direct in situ nucleic acidamplification: control of artifact and use of labelled primers. ClinicalMolecular Pathology 1996; 49: 345-350. ThompsonN, Driscoll R, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Genetics versus environment in inflammatory bowel disease: results of aBritish twin study. British Medical Journal 1996; 312: 95-96. ThompsonNP, Fleming DM, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Crohn’s disease, measles and measles vaccination: a case-controlfailure (letter). Lancet 1996;347:263. WalmsleyRS, Zhao MH, Hamilton MI, Brownlee A, Chapman P, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ,Lockwood CM.Antineutrophil cytoplasm autoantibodies against bactericidal/permeability increasingprotein in inflammatory bowel disease. Gut 1997;40:105-109. DaszakP, Purcell M, Lewin J, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Detection and comparative analysis of persistentmeasles virus infection in Crohn’s disease by immunogold electron microscopy. Journalof Clinical Pathology 1997;50:299-304. Wakefield AJ, Sim R, Akbar AN, Pounder RE, DhillonAP. In situ immune responses inCrohn’s disease: a comparison with acute and persistent measles virusinfection. Journal of Medical Virology. 1997;51:90-100. AnthonyA, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Ulceration of the ileum in Crohn’s disease: correlation with vascularanatomy. Journal of Clinical Pathology. 1997;50:1013-1017. AnthonyA, Pounder RE, Dhillon AP, Wakefield AJ.Vascular anatomy defines sites of indomethacin-induced jejunal ulceration alongthe mesenteric margin. Gut 1997;41:763-770. MontgomerySM & Wakefield AJ. Measlesvaccine and neurological events. Lancet 1997; 349: 1625 (letter) MontgomerySM, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Infantmortality and the incidence of inflammatory bowel disease. Lancet 1997;349: 472-473. MontgomerySM, Morris DL, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Measles vaccination and inflammatory bowel disease (letter). Lancet 1997;350:1774. TiwanaH, Wilson C, Walmsley RS, Wakefield AJ,Smith MSH, Cox NL, Hudson MJ, Ebringer A. Antibody responses to gut bacteria inankylosing spondylitis, rheumatoid arthritis, Crohn’s disease and ulcerativecolitis. Rheumatology International. 1997; 17: 11-16. Wakefield AJ, Murch SH, Anthony A, Linnell J, CassonDM, Malik M, Berelowitz M, Dhillon AP, Thomson MA, Harvey P, Valentine A,Davies SE, Walker-Smith JA. Ileal lymphoid nodular hyperplasia, non-specificcolitis and pervasive developmental disorder in children. Lancet 1998;351:637-641 (Retracted: applied for reinstatement). KellyDA, Piasecki C, Anthony A, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Focal reduction of villous blood flow in earlyindomethacin enteropathy: a dynamic vascular study in the rat. Gut 1998;42:366-373. MontgomerySM, Morris DL, Thompson NP, Subhani J, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Prevalence of inflammatory bowel disease in British26-year olds. British Medical Journal 1998;7137:1058-1059. BalzolaF, Khan K, Pera, A, Bonino F, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Measles IgM immunoreactivity in patients inflammatory bowel disease. ItalianJournal of Gastroenterol. 1998;30:4,378-382. TiwanaH, Walmsley RS, Wilson C, Yiannakou JY, Ciclitira PJ, Wakefield AJ, Ebringer A. Characterisation of the Humoral ImmuneResponse to Klebsiella Species inInflammatory Bowel Disease and Ankylosing Spondylitis. British Journal ofRheumatology. 1998:37;525-531. AnthonyA, Schepelmann S, Guillaume J-L, Strosberg AD, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE,Wakefield AJ. Localisation of the beta 3 -adrenoceptorin the human gastrointestinal tract: an immunohistochemical study. AlimentaryPharmacology & Therapeutics. 1998;12:579-526. ChadwickN, Bruce I, Davies M, van Gemen B, Schukkink R, Khan K, Pounder RE,Wakefield AJ. A sensitive and robustmethod for measles RNA detection. Journal of Virological Methods. 1998,70:59-67. ChadwickN, Bruce IJ, Schepelmann S, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Measles virus RNA is not detected in inflammatory bowel disease usinghybrid capture and reverse transcription followed by the polymerase chainreaction. Journal of Medical Virology , 1998;55:305-311. WalmsleyRS, Anthony A, Sim R, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Absence of E. Coli, Listeriaand Klebsiella pneumoniae withininflammatory bowel disease tissues. Journal of Clinical Pathology .1998;51:657-661. KellyD, Piaseki C, Anthony, A, Dhillon AP, Ponder RE, Wakefield AJ. Reversal and protection against indomethacin-inducedblood stasis and mucosal damage in the rat jejunum by a B-3 adrenoceptoragonist. Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics. 1998; 12:1121-1129. Wakefield AJ & Montgomery SM. Crohn’s disease:the case for measles virus (Invited article) Italian Journal ofGastroenterology 1999;31:247-254. ChadwickN, Wakefield AJ, Pounder RE, BruceI. A comparison of three nucleic acid amplification methods as a source for DNAsequencing. BioTechniques 1998;25:818-822. MontgomerySM, Morris DL, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Paramyxivorus infections in childhood and subsequent inflammatory boweldisease. Gastroenterology 1999;116:796-803. TompsonNP, Fleming DM, Charlton J, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Patients Consulting with Crohn’s disease in primary care in England andWales. European Journal of Gastroenterology & Hepatology. 1998;10:1007-1012. AnthonyA, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.The colonic mesenteric margin is most susceptible to injury in an experimentalmodel of colonic ulceration. Alimentary Pharmacology & Therapeutics. 1999;13:531-535. AnthonyA, Sim R, Pounder RE, Dhillon AP, WakefieldAJ. Similarities between Crohn’s disease and indomethacin experimentalulcers in the rat. Alimentary Pharmacology and Therpeutics .2000;14:241-24. MontgomerySM, Twamley SI, Murch SH, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ Contact with soil in infancy does not protect against atopy. ImmunologyToday 1999;20:289-290. MontgomerySM, Morris DL, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Asian ethnic origin and the risk of inflammatory bowel disease. European.Journalof Gastroenterology and Hepatology. 1999;11:543-546. MontgomerySM, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ.Smoking in adults and passive smoking in children are associated with acuteappendicitis. Lancet 1999;353:379. MontgomerySM, Wakefield AJ, Morris DL, PounderRE, Murch SH. The initial care of newborn infants and subsequent hay fever. Allergy .2000;;55:916-22. Orteu CH, McGregor JM, Whittaker SJ, Balzola F, Wakefield AJ. Erythema elevatum diutinum and Crohndisease: a common pathogenic role for measles virus? Arch Dermatol .1996;32:1523-5. Wakefield AJ, Anthony A, Murch SH, Thomson M,Montgomery SM, Davies S, Walker-Smith JA. Enterocolitis in children withdevelopmental disorder. American Journal of Gastroenterology 2000;95:2285-2295 (Retracted: applied for reinstatement). FurlanoRI, Anthony A, Day R, Brown A, McGavery L, Thomson MA, Davies SE, Berelowitz M,Forbes A, Wakefield AJ, Walker-SmithJA, Murch SH. Colonic CD8 and gamma delta T-cell infiltration with epithelialdamage in children with autism. Journal of Pediatrics 2001;138:366-72. Wakefield AJ and Montgomery SM. Autism, viralinfection and measles mumps rubella vaccination. Israeli Medical AssociationJourna l 1999;1:183-187. DunnAC, Walmsley RS, Dedrick RL, WakefieldAJ, Lockwood CM. Anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic autoantibodies (ANCA) tobactericidal/permeability-increasing (BPI) protein recognize the carboxylterminal domain. Journal of Infection . 1999;39:81-7. Thompson NP., Montgomery SM., Wadsworth MEJ., Pounder RE., Wakefield AJ. Early determinants ofinflammatory bowel disease: use of two longitudinal birth cohorts. EuropeanJournal of Gastroenterology & Hepatology . 2000;12:25-30. Kawashima H., Takayuki M., Kashiwagi Y., Takekuma K., Hoshika A., Wakefield AJ. Detection and sequencingof measles virus from peripheral blood mononuclear cells from patients withinflammatory bowel disease and autism. Digestive Diseases and Sciences. 2000;45:723-729. Wakefield AJ and Montgomery SM. Measles, mumps,rubella vaccine: through a glass, darkly. Adverse Drug Reactions &Toxicological Reviews 2000;19:265-283. MorrisDL, Montgomery SM, Galloway ML, Pounder RE,Wakefield AJ. Inflammatory bowel disease and laterality: is left handednessa risk? Gut . 2001;49:199-202. Wakefield AJ,Montgomery SM. Immunohistochemical analysis of measles related antigen inInflammatory bowel disease. Gut. 2001;48:136-7. Morris DL,Montgomery SM, Thompson NP, Ebrahim S, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Measles vaccination and inflammatory bowel disease: anational British Cohort Study. American Journal of Gastroenterology .2000;95:3507-12. O’Leary JJ,Uhlmann V, Wakefield AJ. Measlesvirus and autism. Lancet. 2000;356:772 (letter). Wakefield AJ,Montgomery SM. Measles virus as a risk for inflammatory bowel disease: anunusually tolerant approach. American Journal of Gastroenterology .2000;95:1389-92. (Editorial). Anthony A, SimR, Guillaume JL, Strosberg AD, Dhillon AP, Pounder RE, Wakefield AJ. Beta (beta)3-adrenergic receptors in human pancreaticislet and duodenal somatostatin neuroendocrine cells. AlimentaryPharmacology and Therapeutics . 2000;14:579-8. Kelly D, AnthonyA, Piasecki C, Lewin J, Pounder RE, WakefieldAJ. Endothelial changes precede mucosal ulceration induced by indomethacin:an experimental study in the rat. Alimentary Pharmacology and Therapeutics .2000;14:489-96. Wakefield AJ.MMR vaccination and autism. Lancet . 1999;354:949-50 (letter). Wakefield AJ.The New Autism (Invited Article) Clinical Child Psychology & Psychiatry 2002;7:518-528. UhlmannV., Martin C, Shiels, Wakefield AJ,O.Leary JJ. Possible viral pathogenesis of a novel paediatric inflammatory boweldisease. Molecular Pathology 2002;55:84-90. Wakefield AJ.,Puleston J. Montgomery SM., Anthony A., O’Leary J.J., Murch SH Entero-colonicencephalopathy, autism and opioid receptor ligands. Alimentary Pharmacology& Therapeutics . 2002;16:663-674. Torrente F.,Machado N., Perez-Machado M., Furlano R., Thomson M., Davies S., Wakefield AJ, Walker-Smith JA, MurchSH. Enteropathy with T cell infiltration and epithelial IgG deposition inautism. Molecular Psychiatry .2002;7:375-382. Montgomery SM,Wakefield AJ, Ekbom A. Pertussisinfection in childhood and type I diabetes 2002 Diabet. Med . 2002;19:986–993. MontgomerySM., Lambe M., Wakefield AJ.,Pounder RE., Ekbom A. Siblings and the risk of Inflammatory Bowel Disease. ScandinavianJournal of Gastroenterology 2002;37:1301-1308. Wakefield AJ.The Gut-Brain Axis in Childhood developmental Disorders. Journal ofPediatric Gastroenterology and Nutrition. 2002;34:S14-S17. Wakefield AJ. Entero-colitis,Autism and Measles Virus. Consensus in Child Neurology. 2002;6:74-77. AshwoodP, Anthony A, Pellicer AA, Torrente F, WakefieldAJ. Intestinal lymphocyte populations in children with regressive autism:Evidence for extensive mucosal immunopathology. Journal of ClinicalImmunology , 2003;23:504-517. Wakefield AJ. Enterocolitis, autism and measlesvirus. Molecular Psychiatry . 2002;7:S44-46 Ashwood P, Anthony A, Torrente F, Wakefield AJ., Spontaneous mucosallymphocyte cytokine profiles in children with regressive autism andgastrointestinal symptoms: Mucosal immune activation and reduced counterregulatory interleukin-10. Journal of Clinical Immunology .2004:24:664-673. Anthony A, Ashwood P., Wakefield AJ. The significance ofileo-colonic lymphoid nodular hyperplasia in children with autistic spectrumdisorder. European Journal of Gastroenterology and Hepatology 2005 Aug;17(8):827-36. BradstreetJJ, ,El Dahr J., Anthony A., Kartzinel J., WakefieldAJ, Detection of Measles Virus Genomic RNA in Cerebrospinal Fluid ofChildren with Regressive Autism: a Report of Three Cases Journal ofAmerican Physicians and Surgeons . 2004.9:39-45. StottC., Blaxill M., Wakefield AJ. MMR and Autism in Perspective:the Denmark Story. Journalof American Physicians and Surgeons 2004;9:89-91. The Gut-Brain Axisin Childhood Developmental Disorders: Viruses and Vaccines. Wakefield AJ., Collins I., Ashwood P. Invited chapter in Infectious Disease andNeuropsychiatri c Disorders Chapter 21, pp 198-206 AshwoodP, Wakefield AJ. Ileal andperipheral blood CD3+ cytokine profiles in children with regressive autism andgastrointestinal symptoms: Mucosal immune activation and reduced counterregulatoryinterleukin-10. Journal of Neuroimmunology. 2006 ;73:126-34. Wakefield AJ., Stott C., Limb K. Gastrointestinal co-morbidity,autistic regression and Measles-containing vaccines: positive re-challenge andbiological gradient effects. Medical Veritas 2006;3:796-802 Wakefield AJ. The significance ofileocolonic lymphoid nodular hyperplasia in children with autistic spectrumdisorder. (letter) Eur J Gastro Hep 2006;18:571-574. Wakefield AJ. Autistic enterocolitis: is it ahistopathological entity? Histopathology 2006;50:380-384. Russo AJ,Krigsman A, Jepson B, Wakefield AJ.Anti-PR3 and Anti-MPO IgG ANCA in Autistic Children With Chronic GI Disease. Immunologyand Immunogenetics Insights 2009:2:21-28. Russo AJ,Krigsman A, Jepson B, Wakefield A. Lowserum alpha-1 antitrypsin associated with anti-PR-3 ANCA in autistic childrenwith GI disease. – Genomics Insights, 2009 2009;2:1–9. Russo AJ,Krigsman A, Jepson B, Wakefield AJ.Decreased Serum Hepatocyte Growth Factor (HGF) in Autistic Children with SevereGastrointestinal Disease. Biomarker Insights. 2009; 4: 181–190. Russo AJ,Krigsman A, Jepson B, Wakefield AJ.Generalized Autoimmunity of ANCA and ASCA Related to Severity of Disease inAutistic Children with GI Disease. Immunology and Immunogenetics Insights2009:1 37–47. Wakefield AJ.Callous Disregard. Autism and Vaccines – The Truth Behind a Tragedy. New York(2010) Skyhorse Publishing. Wakefield AJ.Waging war on the Autistic Child. The Arizona 5 and the Legacy of Baron vonMunchausen. New York (2012) Skyhorse Publishing. Russo AJ,Krigsman, A, Jepson B, Wakefield AJ.Low serum myeloperoxidase in autistic children with gastro-intestinal disease.Clin Exp Gastroenterol. 2009; 2:85-94. Wakefield AJ,Blaxill M, Haley B, Ryland A, Hollenbeck D, Johnson J, Moody J, Stott C. Response to Dr. Ari Brown and The Immunization Action Coalition. Medical Veritas6 2009; 6: 1907–1924

Dissolving Illusions: Disease, Vaccines, and The Forgotten History

by Dr. Suzanne Humphries and Roman Bystrianyk

Free Shipping Available!

Learn More",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32340,"Vaccine Freedom Marches Across Italy Highlight Global Vaccination Agenda

by Barbara Loe Fisher

The Vaccine Reaction

June 2017 saw the biggest public demonstrations against forced vaccination held in Europe since the Victorian era, [1] as tens of thousands of Italians of all ages marched for vaccine freedom of choice in Rome, Florence, Milan, Bologna, Turin, Cagliani and other cities. [2] They marched in opposition to a May 19 decree endorsed by the government’s Health Minister and President mandating that school children receive multiple doses of 12 vaccines or be prohibited from attending school with fines of up to $$7500 euro (about $$9,700) assessed to non-compliant parents. [3, 4, 5]

Wearing white t-shirts and chanting “Libera” (“Freedom”), they held up signs that said “Libera scelta” (“freedom of choice“) and “We are not anti-vax but freedom of choice” and “I decide if and how.” The marchers also pointed out that the government’s decree is a violation of Article 32 in the Italian Constitution, which states, “No one may be obliged to undergo any health treatment except under the provisions of the law. The law may not under any circumstances violate the limits imposed by respect for the human person.” [6]

According to the Financial Times, a doctor and epidemiologist member of the ruling political party introduced the bill in parliament because vaccination coverage for measles declined from 90 to 85 percent among children between 2011 and 2015. [7] The Health Minister said that the new mandate was necessary to address measles outbreaks and falling vaccination rates that she described as “an emergency generated by fake news.” She said that Italy must meet a World Health Organization (WHO) objective that achieves a “level of immunization equal to 95% of the population.” [8, 9]

The new mandate increased the numbers of vaccines required for school entry from four (polio, diphtheria, tetanus, hepatitis B) to 12 (adding pertussis, measles, mumps, rubella, varicella, HIB, meningococcal C and B). [10]

Grassroots pro-education, pro-choice organizations in Italy that helped organize the marches, such as COMILVA (Coordination of the Italian Movement for the Freedom of Vaccinations) founded in 1993, have adopted a pro-vaccine safety, pro-vaccine choice position similar to one in the U.S. created by parent founders of the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) in 1982.

They are questioning the safety of vaccine ingredients and one-size-fits-all vaccine policies that fail to acknowledge biological differences among children and place some children at greater risk for vaccine reactions, injury and death.

Several regional governments in northern Italy are challenging the expanded forced vaccination law in Italy’s Constitutional Court, calling for an end to “coercive measures.”

One regional governor was quoted in the media:

“Let’s be clear: We are not against vaccines, we are against making them obligatory….no to sanctions, yes to informed decisions by mums and dads!”

Another regional official said, “Children’s health comes before the interest of some pharmaceutical company….freedom of choice works, threats and fines don’t.” [11]

GlaxoSmithKline a Big Player in Italy

The United Kingdom’s multinational drug giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is a big player in Italy with strong ties to medical trade and government. In 2014, GSK acquired the global vaccine business of Novartis (excluding influenza vaccines), which included meningococcal B vaccine created by Italian vaccine developer Lino Rappuoli working with Novartis. [12, 13]

In 2015, the Italian government launched a 700 million euro (about $$785 million) National Vaccination Plan that began to be implemented in April 2016, the same month that GSK announced a one billion euro investment in Italy over four years, with the majority of the investment going to vaccine research and manufacturing and production plants in Italy. [14, 15]

GSK manufactures and globally markets eight of the 12 vaccines now mandated by the Italian government, including four of the newly required vaccines (HIB, meningococcal B and C, pertussis).

In a 2016 interview in Politico, Italy’s director general of health prevention at the Health Ministry talked about how public health officials, doctors and school officials will implement the government’s National Vaccination Plan to drive up vaccination rates among children.

“We have strong alliance with the industry and we also have a pact with schools who will have to verify if their students are vaccinated. We also reached an agreement with the order of physicians, who will be paying close attention to those doctors that discourage parents from vaccinating their kids,” he said. He added that it is “necessary to rebalance the responsibility from parents to state authorities.” [16]

Sanctioning Medical Doctors for Supporting Vaccine Choice

To ensure that all doctors get in line with the National Vaccination Plan, doctors in Italy who dissent from restrictive vaccine policies and advocate for voluntary vaccination are being targeted for de-licensing so that they cannot continue to work as doctors.

In April 2017, a well-credentialed cardiologist who, in 2014 authored the book Pediatric Vaccinations: A Review of the Scientific Evidence, was sanctioned by the local medical licensing board for advocating a more holistic approach to maintaining health and for his support of informed consent to vaccination. [17, 18]

Media Serving the Global Vaccination Agenda

The global mass vaccination infrastructure, which has been built over the past two decades by the pharmaceutical industry working with governments, the World Health Organization, medical trade and corporate philanthropist Bill Gates, is a very lucrative one. [19, 20, 21, 22, 23]

Market growth depends upon forced use of vaccines by populations in all countries, especially in the U.S. and developed nations in the European Union, which pay premium prices for vaccines. [24, 25]

Major news outlets in the U.S. and Europe are taking an active role in assisting governments pursuing the global forced vaccination agenda, including getting involved in the political business of other countries.

In March 2017 in the Scientific American, vaccine developer Peter Hotez sang the praises of philanthrocapitalist Bill Gates and the global vaccination agenda while pointing to “vaccine hesitancy” worldwide that he blamed on the U.S. “anti-vaccine” movement.

Dr. Hotez called on the U.S. government to “snuff out” the anti-vaccine movement and said the largest nations in the world (G20) must:

“become more vocal and proactive, while addressing and elevating discussions about vaccine hesitancy and anti-vaccine movements in international forums.” [26]

Two weeks before the Italian government expanded vaccine mandates and financial punishment for non-compliance, The New York Times editorial board wrote:

“One of the great tragedies of these post-truth times is that the lies, conspiracy theories and illusions spread by social media and populist politicians can be downright dangerous.”

Blaming outbreaks of measles in Italy on “populist” politicians discussing the “utterly misguided and discredited claims about [vaccine’ dangers,” the newspaper linked populism and skepticism about climate change with skepticism about vaccination. [27]

A few weeks earlier, the Financial Times reported that “moves to widen vaccination coverage” in Italy was meeting strong political opposition and, like The New York Times, placed blame on a “populist party” doing well in opinion polls “arguing that parents should have the freedom to choose” which vaccines their children will get. [28]

On June 7 after the first public protests in Italy took place, an OpEd published by a large European Union news outlet was headlined “Italy’s mandatory vaccine law should be adopted worldwide.”

Paul Offit Spreads False News About Germany

On June 18, 2017 (Father’s Day), one of America’s most vocal forced vaccination proponents–Merck vaccine developer Paul Offit, MD–inserted himself into the discussion about what the E.U. should do with parents defending the right to make voluntary choices about vaccination for their children.

In an OpEd in the Daily Beast entitled “When Parents Force the Government’s Hand on Vaccines, “ Dr. Offit ignored the massive public protests against use of coercion and punishment in Italy.

Instead, he congratulated German health officials on “choosing to fine parents as much as 2,500 euros (about $$2800) for failing to vaccinate their children” and “requiring kindergartens to report parents whose children are not vaccinated.” [29]

Either Dr. Offit didn’t bother to fact check or deliberately spread false news in the U.S. about Germany because, actually, parents of kindergartners will be fined if they refuse to provide school officials with proof they have attended a doctor’s consultations on child vaccinations. [30]

According to Deutsche Welle, Germany does not mandate vaccines for children. Rather, since 2015, parents must present proof to childcare centers that they have been counseled by a doctor about vaccination, but the center is not allowed to refuse a child a place if they have not done so, as parents have a legal right to one.

It is up to the childcare centers to decide whether to report parents without proof of a consultation to health authorities, which could result in a fine. [31]

Vaccine Hesitant Doctors in France and other EU Nations

Vaccine hesitancy is not just growing among parents in Europe, it is also growing among health care providers who give vaccines.

In 2015, the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control published a report on vaccine hesitancy among healthcare workers and their patients in Europe. Among their findings, researchers found that healthcare workers had “significant mistrust of pharmaceutical companies who not only had financial interests but also did not communicate sufficient information about side effects and tried to exert pressure on doctors.”

They concluded that, “Healthcare workers had concerns related to the risks of vaccination and expressed lack of trust in health authorities.” [32]

Vaccines Voluntary in Many Western European Countries

Since World War II, western European countries have been very careful about laws that coerce and punish people. Most vaccines are voluntary in all but a few western European countries and there has been a generally high vaccination rate among children with government recommended vaccines, such as DPT, MMR and polio without mandates. [33, 34]

However, according to several reports in major E.U. news outlets, distrust of vaccination has risen in France from 10 percent in 2005 to 40 percent in 2010 and the safety of measles, hepatitis B and HPV vaccines, especially, has been called into question. [35, 36]

France mandates diphtheria, tetanus and polio vaccines.

On June 15, 2017, it was reported that the new Minister of Health in France wants to follow Italy’s lead and make eight more vaccines mandatory for all children, including pertussis, measles, mumps, rubella, hepatitis B, HIB, pneumococcal and meningococcal C. [37]

Mandatory Vaccination: Violation of Human Rights

In a 2015 article in The Ecologist, mother and primary school teacher Anna Watson, who is U.K. representative and co-Secretary of the European Forum for Vaccine Vigilance (EFVV), quoted from the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union:

“Free and informed consent must be respected in the fields of medicine and biology.” She stated that, “to mandate vaccinations is to deny this fundamental freedom….Informed choice is vital in a democracy. Mandating vaccines actually goes against at least a dozen European ethical documents, including the Nuremberg Code.” [38]

US Parents Stand in Solidarity with Parents in the European Union

When medical doctors working for government, industry and medical trade cannot persuade parents to take risks with vaccines voluntarily, they work with politicians to pass laws requiring parents to vaccinate their children.

The U.S. has led the way in that regard since 1905, when the utilitarian U.S. Supreme Court ruling in Jacobson v. Massachusetts set the stage for forced vaccination and forced sterilization in America. [39]

It started with requiring one vaccine, smallpox, and today U.S. parents are required by state governments to give their children multiple doses of the 16 vaccines the federal government recommends or be punished with denial of childcare and education.

Parents leading the 35-year old vaccine safety and informed consent movement in America stand in solidarity with the parents in Italy, France, Germany, U.K. and many other countries in Europe, who are leading a defense for the human right to informed consent to medical risk taking, including vaccine risk taking.

Hold your elected officials accountable for their actions at the polls. Have faith, stay strong and do not back down. You inspire us to do the same.

Read the full article at TVR.org.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

References

1 Earl E. The Victorian Anti-Vaccination Movement. The Atlantic July 15, 2017.

2 Repubblica. ‘Italia del “free vax” in piazza: da Cagliari a Torino si manifesta per chiedere liberta di scelta. June 3, 2017. PHOTOS and VIDEO.

3 The Local (Italy). Italy makes vaccines compulsory for school starters. May 12, 2017.

4 Il Globo. Italy introduces compulsory vaccinations for children. Il Globo June 8, 2017.

5 Giubilini A. Opinion: ‘Italy’s mandatory vaccine law should be adopted worldwide.’ The Local (Italy) June 7, 2017.

6 Senato della Repubblica. Constitution of the Italian Republic. Article 32 (page 11). Dec. 27, 1947.

7 Roberts H. Amid vaccine debate, Italy faces return of eradicable diseases. Financial Times Apr. 18, 2017.

8 The Local (Italy). Italy makes vaccines compulsory for school starters. May 12, 2017.

9 Lunghini R. Italy requires vaccination for school enrolment. West-info.eu June 8, 2017.

10 Ibid.

11 The Local (Italy). Italy’s northern regions are challenging a mandatory vaccination law. June 14, 2017.

12 GlaxoSmithKline. GSK announces major 3-part transaction with Novartis to drive sustainable sales growth, improve long term earnings and deliver increasing returns to shareholders. GSK Press Release Apr. 22, 2014.

13 Barry F. Novartis Meningitis vaccine scoops innovation prize. BioPharma Oct. 3, 2014.

14 Paravicini G. Italy fights vaccines fear. Politico (EU) Apr. 21, 2016.

15 Turno R. Vaccines and drugs, Glaxo bets 1 billion on Italy. Healthcare24 (Sanita24) Apr. 13, 2016. (Google Translate)

16 Paravicini G. Italy fights vaccines fear. Politico (EU) Apr. 21, 2016.

17 www.Robertogava.it (Use Google Translate)

18 AsSIS (Association of Studies and Health Information). Expression of solidarity and esteem to Dr. Roberto Gava. Mar. 22, 2017. (Use Google Translate).

19 Gates Foundation. Bill and Melinda Gates Pledge $$10 Billion in Call for Decade of Vaccines. Press Release January 2010.

20 CDC. Who We Are: CDC and Our Global Immunization Partners. Dec. 14, 2011.

21 NIH. Bill Gates celebrates research collaborations with NIH. Global Health Matters Newsletter 2014; 13(1).

22 World Health Organization. Global Vaccine Action Plan: Immunization Coverage. WHO March 2017.

23 LaVigne P. Global Vaccine Market Surging to More than 70 Billion by 2024. The Vaccine Reaction Nov. 10, 2016.

24 Boseley S. Bill Gates dismisses criticism of high prices for vaccines. The Guardian Jan. 27, 2015.

25 Sarmadi D. Merkel’s ‘vaccine summit’ raises $$7.5 billion. Euractiv.de Jan. 28, 2015.

26 Hotez P. Will an American-led anti-vaccine movement subvert global health? Scientific American Mar. 3, 2017.

27 Editorial Board. Populism, Politics and Measles. The New York Times May 2, 2017.

28 Roberts H. Amid vaccine debate, Italy faces return of eradicable diseases. Financial Times Apr. 18, 2017.

29 Offit P. When Parents Force the Government’s Hand on Vaccines. The Daily Beast June 18, 2017.

30 Associated Press. German Kindergartens to Name Parents Who Skip Vaccine Advice. The New York Times May 26, 2017.

31 Deutsche Welle. Germany moves to improve child vaccination rate. May 25, 2017.

32 European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control. Vaccine hesitancy among healthcare workers and their patients in Europe: A qualitative study. October 2015.

33 Haverkate M., D’Ancona F, Giambi C et al. Mandatory and Recommended Vaccination in the EU, Iceland and Norway: Results of the VENICE 2010 Survey on the Ways of Implementing National Vaccination Programmes. Euro Surveill 2012; 17(22).

34 Vanderslott S. Despite skepticism, Europe has high vaccination rates – but it shouldn’t be complacent. The Conversation Apr. 24, 2017.

35 Candau M. Distrust of vaccinations on rise across EU. Eurativ.fr Mar. 27, 2015.

36 Huet N. Vaccination? Non merci. Politico Apr. 20, 2017.

37 LeDauphine. Health Minister Wants to Make 11 Vaccines Mandatory. June 15, 2017. (Use Google Translate)

38 Watson A. Mandatory vaccination would violate our human rights. The Ecologist May 5, 2015.

39 Fisher BL. Forced Vaccination: The Tragic Legacy of Jacobson v. Massachusetts. NVIC Newsletter Nov. 2, 2016.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17353,"By Dr. Mercola

The cold and flu season got off to an early start this year in the US, and everywhere you turn, you’ve undoubtedly seen ads and media reports urging you to get the flu vaccine.

Meanwhile, scientific reviews by the independent Cochrane Database published last fall again refuted pervasive “expert” health and media claims that […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21936,"By Dr. Mercola

Today, we launch the fourth Mercury-Free Dentistry Week. We set aside an entire week dedicated to ending the use of dental amalgam — a primitive, pre-Civil War, pollutant that leads to cracked teeth — for three reasons:

The new Minamata Convention on Mercury is the game-changer for dental amalgam. Each nation that signs this comprehensive treaty against mercury pollution – now numbering 100, including the United States – commits itself to scaling down dental mercury without delay. Consumers for Dental Choice, who spearheads the campaign against amalgam, brings the Minamata Convention home. Commissioning a Zogby poll, they issued a scathing indictment of the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for covering up amalgam’s mercury from American parents and consumers – and for putting the US government out of compliance with the pledge it made at Minamata. Your financial support for Consumers for Dental Choice is now needed. Working with talented environmental, consumer, and health leaders, Consumers for Dental Choice is launching phase out campaigns in Europe, Asia, Africa, and Latin America.

They have redoubled their efforts in the United States, via a brilliant campaign strategy I discuss below. I put my money where my mouth is: I will match each and every donation made this week, dollar for dollar, up to a total of one hundred thousand dollars ($$100,000).

The Game-Changer to Bring Mercury-Free Dentistry to America

Getting amalgam into the complex mercury treaty was no mean feat. With the Minamata negotiations about to begin in Stockholm four years ago, Charlie Brown, leader of Consumers for Dental Choice, invited leaders of environmental, health, dental, and consumer groups to unite under one big tent.

They did, forming the World Alliance for Mercury-Free Dentistry — and elected Charlie as its president. With 11 regional vice presidents and nonprofit groups (NGOs) from dozens of nations, they spanned the globe.

Mercury-free dental groups from North America, Europe, Africa, and Australia joined the coalition, and dentists frequently served as spokespersons during the negotiations sessions. The World Alliance for Mercury-Free Dentistry outworked, outsmarted, and outpointed the corporate-funded World Dental Federation, composed of the American Dental Association and other pro-mercury dental groups.

The Minamata Convention’s Annex A includes a mandate to reduce dental mercury use, with the starting date to be now. It provides a road map on how to do so. Any nation may do more – phase out amalgam on a timetable – and Consumers for Dental Choice has begun those campaigns in several nations. With amalgam being in an Annex rather than the main text, a future amendment could result in a world-wide phase-out.

Charlie Brown attended a recent meeting with the US State Department, where a high-ranking official advised him that, after the Minamata Convention was signed, a number of nations were talking about its content.

They expressed surprise that amalgam actually got into the Convention, having expected that special interest groups would succeed in knocking it out. When Charlie diplomatically thanked the State Department, she replied: “Oh no, it wasn’t the government that got amalgam into the treaty; it was the NGOs.”

We know that activism can work. It worked with Minamata. And now, Minamata is coming home.

A Poll, a Report, and a Stinging Indictment of FDA’s Support for Mercury Fillings

So-called “silver fillings” are a massive consumer fraud. Even in the 19th century, respected doctors condemned the term, noting that the term was used to conceal the mercury.

The apologists claim that it refers to the color, but when someone says “silver,” they generally mean the metal (the first definition in the dictionary of silver), not the color (the 4th or 5th definition of silver in the dictionary). The term “gold filling” assuredly is not referring to the color; it is referring to the metal.

When consumer fraud occurs in medicine and health, most Americans assume that the FDA would step in to correct the situation. But no, the FDA is on the side of the dental industry, which wants you to believe that amalgam fillings are silver, not mercury.

Even the word “amalgam” is ambiguous. It can mean a metal with mercury or it can mean a metal without mercury. According to the Zogby poll, which Consumers for Dental Choice commissioned, Americans are grossly misled by the words “silver fillings” and “amalgam.”

57 Percent of Americans Do Not Know Amalgam Contains Mercury

Consumers for Dental Choice commissioned a poll with the highly reputable and accurate Zogby Analytics firm. The results may not surprise our readers: fewer than half (43 percent) of Americans could name mercury as amalgam’s main component. Fully 57 percent gave an incorrect answer or did not know amalgam contained mercury.

Why is that? First, dentists generally are not telling them. Only 11 percent ever recall being told by their dentist that amalgam has mercury. Second, the term “silver fillings” is a consumer fraud if there ever was one. Indeed, a quarter of the respondents named silver as amalgam’s main component. Consumers are upset that the government lets this market deception continue, and call for enforcement action to stop amalgam as being marketed as “silver.”

With findings supported by five national organizations from fields of consumer protection, health, environment, and minority advocacy, Consumers for Dental Choice has issued a new report, Measurably Misleading, which explains the poll results and reveals how the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the dental industry deceive you about mercury.

People have an absolute right to know that amalgam fillings contain mercury—even if they ultimately chose to get one. But mercury is going into people’s mouths because the dental industry is hiding the fact that amalgam contains mercury. While this survey does not let silent dentists off the hook, it identifies the lead culprit: the FDA.

Why? Because FDA is the nation’s regulator of devices. FDA exists to protect us from deceptive practices, false labeling, misleading labeling, and other marketing deception in healthcare. FDA’s own rules say that mislabeling occurs for “incorrect, inadequate, or incomplete identification.” The FDA could act to inform consumers about mercury dental fillings, but they don’t. Instead, the FDA calls amalgam “silver fillings” on its own website. It’s time for the FDA to stop misleading and start leading. FDA must say the “M” word, Mercury — and ensure that every parent and every consumer walking into a dental office knows that amalgam fillings are really mercury fillings.

Sure, things have improved. When Charlie began with Consumers for Dental Choice, only three percent of dentists were mercury-free. Charlie’s organization has been instrumental in catalyzing change in the industry. Today, more than 50 percent of dentists in America have stopped using mercury filings. That’s major progress. But we still have a long way to go to end this archaic practice of putting mercury in people’s teeth. Unfortunately, we seem to have stalled out at around 50 percent of dentists who still insist on using amalgam.

“We think the pro-mercury dentists have stabilized because they won’t learn anything new and the profits are so easy,” Charlie says. “They are concealing from the patients that amalgam is a mercury filling. The enabler of pro-mercury dentistry or of dental mercury is the FDA. The FDA says to dentists and says to the manufacturers, ‘You may conceal the mercury from patients. You don’t need to tell them,’ and of course, therefore they don’t.”

We have a great team with a great achievement. Help us keep them going.

Why Is FDA Refusing to Act Against Dental Mercury?

Why exactly is the FDA so opposed to informing the public about the true nature of amalgam? The answer is simple: because the agency has been penetrated through the revolving door that’s so common in other industries. Just like Monsanto has penetrated the federal government’s regulatory agencies, amalgam profit centers have penetrated and effectively lobbied the FDA to remain complacent on this issue.

“It’s top-end bureaucracy,” Charlie explains. “At the top is the revolving door of people coming in from the outside corporate world, serving a little while, not running the agency, just having the title, and then going back into the corporate world. That’s one group. At the staff level is a permanent bureaucracy, which is impermeable. They don’t listen to anybody. It’s a great job. They do what they want. They aren’t supervised by the revolving door leadership. In this case, the FDA bureaucracy is very pro-amalgam. Incredibly, the dental decisions are not made by toxicologists. Mercury is a horrible neurotoxin. It can and does damage the brains of developing children permanently, and yet they have a dentist in charge of this issue, a dentist who likes amalgam.”

There’s also a demographic concern when it comes to information distribution. Charlie has found that people who make 50,000 dollars a year or less (according to the commissioned Zogby poll) are three times less likely to learn about the mercury issue from their dentists than people who make over 50,000 dollars a year. The same trend is found among racial lines, with African-Americans and other minorities being less likely to get the truth from their dentists. The National Congress of American Indians (NCAI) has called on the Indian Health Service (HIS) to stop using amalgam on Indian reservations. So people are starting to wake up and push back. “That’s what we got to do. It can work and it will work,” Charlie says.

Resources to Help You Find a Biological Dentist

The following organizations can help you to find a mercury-free, biological dentist:

Together, Let’s Help Charlie Brown and Consumers for Dental Choice Get to the Finish Line

This is the week we can get Consumers for Dental Choice the funding it deserves. I have found few NGOs as effective, and none as efficient, as Consumers for Dental Choice. Its small team has led the charge on six continents — including ours!

So I am stepping up with the challenge. For the fourth year in a row, I will match the funds you give. In 2012 the match was up to $$50,000 — and you did it! In 2013, I upped the ante to $$75,000 — and you did it again! This year, I believe a $$100,000 match is the right thing to do. Please give, and all dollars received up to $$100,000 will be matched by Natural Health Research Foundation, which I founded.

From September 7th -13th we launch the fourth Mercury-Free Dentistry Week. We set aside an entire week dedicated to ending the use of dental amalgam — a primitive, pre-Civil War, pollutant that leads to cracked teeth — for three reasons:

The new Minamata Convention on Mercury is the game-changer for dental amalgam. Each nation that signs this comprehensive treaty against mercury pollution – now numbering 100, including the United States – commits itself to scaling down dental mercury without delay. Consumers for Dental Choice, who spearheads the campaign against amalgam, brings the Minamata Convention home. Commissioning a Zogby poll, they issued a scathing indictment of the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for covering up amalgam’s mercury from American parents and consumers – and for putting the US government out of compliance with the pledge it made at Minamata. Your financial support for Consumers for Dental Choice is now needed. Working with talented environmental, consumer, and health leaders, Consumers for Dental Choice is launching phase out campaigns in Europe, Asia, Africa, and Latin America.

Resources to Help You Find a Biological Dentist

The following organizations can help you to find a mercury-free, biological dentist:

Together, Let’s Help Charlie Brown and Consumers for Dental Choice Get to the Finish Line

This is the week we can get Consumers for Dental Choice the funding it deserves. I have found few NGOs as effective, and none as efficient, as Consumers for Dental Choice. Its small team has led the charge on six continents — including ours!

So I am stepping up with the challenge. For the fourth year in a row, I will match the funds you give. In 2012 the match was up to $$50,000 — and you did it! In 2013, I upped the ante to $$75,000 — and you did it again! This year, I believe a $$100,000 match is the right thing to do. Please give, and all dollars received up to $$100,000 will be matched by Natural Health Research Foundation, which I founded.

Read the full article here.

It’s All in Your Head

The Link Between Mercury Amalgams and Illness



Free Shipping Available! The book by America’s most controversial dentist, and the book the dental industry does not want you to read. Taken to court four times to prevent this book from being sold, Dr. Huggins has won each time.



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24389,"If you've never heard about ketamine, you're not alone. Scores of people had never heard the word until Bloomberg broke the story June 22, 2017, revealing that ketamine had shown up in Sanderson Farms' so-called ""100 percent natural"" chicken. Some who've heard of ketamine may include veterinarians, psychiatrists and people in the club scene who like to walk on the edgy (read: sketchy) side, as ketamine is known for delivering hallucinogenic effects. Testing also revealed other, and some even worse substances, and consumer advocacy groups don't intend to sit still for it. In fact, a new lawsuit has been initiated by consumer advocacy groups due to the company's use of the word ""natural"" in its advertising. Bloomberg explains: ""The consumer groups contend that Sanderson Farms 'doses its chickens' but don't explain why. Ketamine might be used to sedate the animals during transport or before slaughter. The consumer groups want Sanderson to concede it violated false advertising laws and pay for a corrective ad campaign."" As Drug.com explains, ketamine (pronounced kee'-ta-meen) is an anesthesia that ""works in the brain to inhibit painful sensations."" It's prescribed by psychiatrists for depressed patients and by dentists as an anesthetic. Do you want this drug present in your ""natural"" chicken?",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32895,"by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Sauerkraut can be an important part of diets designed for healing cancer. Sauerkraut is a German word that simply means sour white cabbage. Lacto-fermented cabbage has a long history of providing benefits for many different health conditions, and now it is proving to be beneficial for cancer. Cabbage, by itself, offers a number of health benefits, but the fermentation process increases the bioavailability of nutrients rendering sauerkraut even more nutritious than the original cabbage.1

In 2005, a team of researchers from Poland and the United states observed a substantially higher rate of breast cancer among Polish women who immigrated to the United States. They compared Polish women who were living in and near Chicago and Detroit with women who were still living in Poland. They observed that the rate of breast cancer was three times higher for the Polish immigrants. They evaluated various factors and concluded that the consumption of lacto-fermented sauerkraut was a possible factor in the different cancer rates. Women in Poland ate an average of 30 pounds of raw sauerkraut each year, while the Polish women in the US were eating approximately 10 pounds per year.2

What are the qualities of sauerkraut that would make it a super food for cancer prevention, and to be included as a part of diets designed to treat cancer? Let’s take a look at some of the science.

Sauerkraut contains high levels of glucosinolates. These compounds have been shown to have anti-cancer activity in laboratory research.

“The observed pattern of risk reduction indicates that the breakdown products of glucosinolates in cabbage may affect both the initiation phase of carcinogenesis -by decreasing the amount of DNA damage and cell mutation -and the promotion phase, by blocking the processes that inhibit programmed cell death and stimulate unregulated cell growth,” said Dorothy Rybaczyk-Pathak from the University of New Mexico.3

Pathak, along with colleagues from Michigan State University and the National Food and Nutrition Institute of Warsaw, Poland, found that “Women who ate at least three servings a week of raw- or short-cooked cabbage and sauerkraut had a significantly reduced breast cancer risk compared with those who only ate one serving per week.” They discussed these findings at the American Association for Cancer Research’s Frontiers in Cancer Prevention Research meeting in Baltimore, Maryland in 2005.4

A study published in 2012 in the journal Nutrition Cancer showed that consumption of cabbage and sauerkraut is connected with significant reduction of breast cancer incidences. Estrogens are considered a major breast cancer risk factor and their metabolism by P450 enzymes substantially contributes to carcinogenic activity.

The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of cabbage and sauerkraut juices on key enzymes involved with estrogen metabolism in laboratory cell tissue. The 2012 study conducted by Hanna Szaefer, Et Al. showed that their research “supported the epidemiological observations and partly explain the mechanism of the chemopreventive activity of white cabbage products.” In other words their research supported the observation that the consumption of sauerkraut was a beneficial food for the prevention of breast cancer in women.5,6

The preceding studies do not show that sauerkraut by itself is a cure for cancer. They do show that eating sauerkraut has various health benefits, among which is the prevention of cancer, and that eating raw sauerkraut can be part of a natural treatment program for certain cancers.

Raw Fermented Cabbage is Traditional Healthy Sauerkraut

Not all sauerkraut has health benefits. In order for sauerkraut to have a preventative effect for cancer, it needs to be raw. Raw naturally fermented sauerkraut contains lactic acid and the living probiotic microorganisms that are the agents of fermentation. Canned sauerkraut, pasteurized sauerkraut, or fully cooked sauerkraut does not have this healing power, because the microorganisms have been killed by extended exposure to high heat. Cooking and pasteurization also damages other cancer preventative properties.

Naturally fermented cabbage is normally made from finely shredded cabbage and salt. The salt preserves the cabbage for a few days while the probiotic bacteria begin to grow. These probiotic bacteria are highly beneficial to human digestion and are the mechanism that turns cabbage into a super nutritious food. Naturally fermented sauerkraut does not contain vinegar. The sour taste comes directly from the process of fermentation. The sugar in cabbage is converted into lactic acid, which gives the cabbage its characteristic sour flavor. The lactic acid also preserves the cabbage and prevents it from rotting. Properly fermented sauerkraut can be kept for years without refrigeration as long as it is stored at a cool temperature. Containers of sauerkraut and other types of fermented vegetables were often stored in root cellars, caves, and sometimes even buried in the ground for long-term cool storage.

It may seem strange to us that, in earlier times, people knew how to preserve vegetables for long periods without the use of freezers or canning machines. This was done through the process of lacto-fermentation. Lactic acid is a natural preservative that inhibits putrefying bacteria. Starches and sugars in vegetables and fruits are converted into lactic acid by the many species of lactic-acid-producing bacteria. These lactobacilli are ubiquitous, present on the surface of all living things and especially numerous on leaves and roots of plants growing in or near the ground.7

Before the twentieth century, people throughout the world routinely fermented many types of foods to help with digestion and to preserve foods for long term storage. They had an awareness of how these foods could help them with specific health problems. For example, during long sea voyages, sailors used sauerkraut to prevent scurvy. Scurvy is a disease resulting from a deficiency of vitamin C, which is required for the synthesis of collagen in humans. Scurvy often presents itself initially as symptoms of malaise and lethargy, followed by formation of spots on the skin, spongy gums, and bleeding from the mucous membranes. Spots are most abundant on the thighs and legs, and a person with the ailment looks pale, feels depressed, and is partially immobilized. As scurvy advances, there can be open, suppurating wounds, loss of teeth, jaundice, fever, neuropathy and death.8 Sauerkraut contains enough vitamin C to prevent scurvy.

Other Health Benefits of Sauerkraut

Sauerkraut also has benefits for many other health conditions. Acne is not a life threatening disease, but for many young people, it is a source of extreme embarrassment and concern. Dr. Thomas Cowan states:

A strategy for dealing with acne begins with effective “bowel cleansing” and healthy bowel flora (the normal lacto-bacteria that live in our intestines). This has always been considered the cornerstone of every natural acne treatment. The best remedy for this is for your teenager to eat about 1/4-1/2 cup of fresh, unpasteurized traditionally made sauerkraut every day and then take one teaspoon of Swedish Bitters in warm water before bed. Sauerkraut, however, should be the cornerstone of treatment as the high sulfur content of the cabbage is especially valuable in skin cleansing. (Cabbage juice is valued in Irish folk medicine for giving a beautiful complexion.)

This treatment recommendation is part of Dr. Cowan’s comprehensive acne treatment discussed in his article.9

Acid Reflux can be an extremely painful condition, which can cause long term damage to the esophagus. This condition can be healed naturally with sauerkraut juice. Dr. Mercola states:

Sauerkraut or cabbage juice is one of the strongest stimulants for your body to produce acid. This is a good thing as many people have low stomach acid, which is the cause of their gut problems. Having a few teaspoons of cabbage juice before eating, or better yet, fermented cabbage juice from sauerkraut, will do wonders to improve your digestion.10

Conclusion

Sauerkraut and other raw lactic acid fermented vegetable products such as kimchi offer a number of health benefits. Their probiotic content helps with digestion and helps to heal damage to the digestive tract. Raw sauerkraut is a traditional part of a healthy diet.

The refrigerator section of most health food stores should have some variety of raw unpasteurized sauerkraut. Be sure you read the label before you make your purchase. You do not want to see the word “pasteurized.” The jar should have plenty of liquid so that the cabbage is completely submerged. It is fine if you see bubbles in the jar, this is proof that it contains living bacteria. The longer the sauerkraut ferments, the better the flavor. Some people say that the best flavor comes after about 6 month of storage.

When you open the jar, always use a clean utensil to remove the sauerkraut. You want to try and avoid introducing new bacteria into the jar. The sauerkraut should be crisp and feel clean. It should never feel slimy or smell rotten. Living sauerkraut has a distinctively fresh smell, which should remain the same down to the bottom of the jar.

See Also:

REFERENCES

1. “6. Digestion Connection: The Simple, Natural Plan to Combat Diabetes, Heart Disease, Osteoporosis, Arthritis, Acid Reflux–And More!.” Elizabeth Lipski, 2013, Rodale. p. 63. ISBN 978-1609619459.

2. “Sauerkraut consumption may fight off breast cancer,” Dominique Patton, 04-Nov-2005, http://www.nutraingredients.com/Research/Sauerkraut-consumption-may-fight-off-breast-cancer

3. IBID

4. IBID

5. “Modulation of CYP1A1, CYP1A2 and CYP1B1 expression by cabbage juices and indoles in human breast cell lines,” 2012, PMID: 22716309) http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22716309

6. Two additional studies support this finding.

“Modulation of carcinogen metabolizing cytochromes P450 in rat liver and kidney by cabbage and sauerkraut juices: comparison with the effects of indole-3-carbinol and phenethyl isothiocyanate,” 2012, PMID: 22173777 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22173777

“Modulation of CYP19 expression by cabbage juices and their active components: indole-3-carbinol and 3,3′-diindolylmethene in human breast epithelial cell,” 2013, PMID: 23090135 http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/23090135

7. “Lacto-Fermentation” http://www.westonaprice.org/food-features/lacto-fermentation?qh=YToxOntpOjA7czoxMDoic2F1ZXJrcmF1dCI7fQ%3D%3D

8. “Scurvy” http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scurvy

9. “Acne” http://www.westonaprice.org/ask-the-doctor/acne?qh=YToxOntpOjA7czoxMDoic2F1ZXJrcmF1dCI7fQ%3D%3D

10. “Drinking Water Better than Drugs in Suppressing Acid Reflux” http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/07/08/water-works-better-than-ulcer-pills-to-decrease-stomach-acid.aspx

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43832,"[1]Image: YLE

by YLE [1]

The Chief Medical Officer of Finland’s National Public Health Institute has conceded that it may have been unnecessary to vaccinate children and young people against swine flu. Dr Terhi Kilpi told the Väli-Suomi newspaper group’s Sunday newspaper supplement that perhaps the vaccine should not have been given to 5-20 year-olds.

Kilpi said that she would no longer recommends the vaccination for this age group. She added that if she had known of the potential consequences, she would have not inoculated 5-20 year-olds.

“A year ago, the current understanding was that the swine flu was a danger specifically for the young. At that time there was not yet any reason to suspect serious side effects to the vaccine,” said Kilpi.

The vaccine is now suspected to be linked to an increase in the number of cases of narcolepsy affecting children and young people in Finland, Sweden and Iceland. In Finland, 54 children have been diagnosed with narcolepsy…

Read the Full Article Here: http://yle.fi/uutiset/news/2011/01/health_official_swine_flu_vaccinations_for_children_possibly_a_mistake_2326931.html?origin=rss [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24958,"Lower Your Salt Intake? Fugetaboutit!

By Dr. Brownstein

Folks, I have written to you many times about the benefits of unrefined salt. Human beings are designed to desire and utilize salt on a daily basis. We can’t live without salt. Remember, we have no stores of salt in our bodies. Either we ingest adequate amounts of salt on a daily basis or we become salt deficient. Salt deficiency can manifest many ways but common symptoms of salt deficiency include muscle cramps (especially in the feet and legs), fatigue, headaches, and brain fog.

Let’s get a few salt numbers straight. The Powers-That-Be, including the American Heart Association and the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics would have us all believe that we should limit salt in our diet. In fact, the current recommendations for salt state that we should have a maximum sodium intake of 1.5 to 2.4 grams per day (which is the equivalent of 1/4 to just over 1/3 of a teaspoon of salt). Finally, it is important to note that most of the world ingests between 3 and 6 grams of sodium per day (or 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of salt).

An article in the New England Journal of Medicine (August 14, 2014) studied the sodium levels in 101,945 persons from 17 countries. The scientists examined the association between sodium excretion and the outcome of death and major cardiovascular events. Sodium excretion correlates directly with sodium ingestion.

Over a mean follow-up of 3.7 years, the authors found that those with the lowest sodium excretion (less than 3 grams of sodium per day or ½ teaspoon of salt) had the highest rate of death or cardiovascular events—4.3%. Those who excreted 3-4 grams per day (just over ½ teaspoon of salt) had a cardiovascular incident rate of 3.1%–28% lower than the lowest salt-ingesting group. In fact, those who ingested more sodium, including the highest group (>7 grams per day or over 1 teaspoon of salt) had a 24% lowered death or cardiovascular event rate when compared to the lowest group (the incident rate in the highest group—7 grams per day–was 3.3%).

This article is another in a long-line of salt articles debunking the myth that we need to lower our salt intake. I have tested thousands of patients for their salt levels. I can assure you that the vast majority of patients are low in salt.

Salt is a vital, essential substance that we cannot live without. Low-salt diets do not lower the blood pressure for the vast majority of individuals. In fact, low salt diets are detrimental to most as shown in this study.

Although this study did not focus on the difference between refined and unrefined salt, there is a big difference between the two. Unrefined salt has over 80 essential minerals in it while refined salt contains zero minerals. Unrefined salt does not have toxic chemicals added it, unlike refined salt which includes ferrocyanide in the end product.

Unrefined salt should be the salt of choice. Generally I recommend ingesting at least a teaspoon of unrefined salt per day. Good brands of unrefined salt include Selena’s Celtic Brand Sea Salt, Redmond’s Real Salt, and Himalayan sea salt. I have personally tested all three brands and found them to be high in minerals and free of heavy metals.

The take home message: Salt is an essential nutrient for the human body. We cannot live without it. It does not make physiologic, biochemical, nor common sense to recommend limiting a populations’ salt intake to less than ½ teaspoon of salt. In fact, limiting salt intake to these levels will increase the morbidity and mortality rate.

Should you lower your salt intake to control blood pressure? Fugetaboutit.

More information about salt can be found in my book, Salt Your Way To Health, 2nd Edition.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32969,"A study on treating asthma with essential oil showed substantial benefits from the use of lavender oil. Over 26 million children and adults in the United States have asthma. Asthma is one of the most common chronic diseases experienced by children. Many adults also have asthma. Inflamed airways in the lungs cause wheezing, breathlessness, chest tightness, and coughing at night or early in the morning. An intensification of symptoms is called an asthma attack. An asthma attack is often triggered by exposure to some type of external air contamination.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43846,"[1]by Brian Shilhavy [1]

Beloved, I pray that in all respects you may prosper and be in good health, just as your soul prospers. (3 John 1:2)

When we use the word “health” in the English language today, we think primarily of physical health, and how our body is functioning. If we want to communicate something besides physical health, we generally add another word as an adjective, such as “mental health” or “emotional health.” But the word “health” itself is mainly used in terms of physical health, and the domain of “health” in western culture today is the domain of a large medical system which is called “healthcare [2].” It is an extremely influential and powerful system in most countries, controlled by pharmaceutical companies and licensed physicians, and regulated by the government.

Such a concept of “health” however, is a recent development in human history. So when we read ancient texts such as the Bible [3], and read the English word “health” which is used to translate words from the original languages of ancient cultures, it is very helpful to study how these words were understood in those languages and cultures. Otherwise we read our own cultural understanding of English words into ancient texts, and that can result in an inaccurate or incomplete understanding of the meaning of these texts.

The passage above in the third letter of the apostle John is a good example of how the term “health” was understood in the day of the biblical writers around the time of Christ. In the salutation that John uses, the word “prosper” is used twice, and he makes it clear in the second usage that he is referring to more than worldly or physical prosperity. He is also referring to those spiritual things that cause the soul to prosper.

So what about the word “health?” From this letter by John we can see that in the context of the following verses, he is linking the concept of health to “walking in the truth [4]:”

For I was very glad when brethren came and testified to your truth, that is, how you are walking in truth. I have no greater joy than this, to hear of my children walking in the truth. (3 John 1:3-4)

Within this context, physical health is not the main concern. The later writings of the New Testament deal with a lot of problems in the church, particularly false teachings and false believers, and there is a lot of emphasis on correct teaching (or “doctrine”) about Jesus and the gospel message. Health then is connected to correct thinking about God [5] and Jesus, and the lifestyle that results from such correct thinking and belief, which in turn is defined as “health.”

The Greek word here that is translated “health” is found in 23 other passages in the New Testament in either its noun or verb forms, and it is not always translated “health.” For example, in Paul’s letters to Timothy he uses this word to refer to correct teaching, or doctrine, and it is usually translated in English as “sound.” Some examples:

Retain the standard of sound words which you have heard from me, in the faith and love which are in Christ Jesus. (2 Timothy 1:13)

But we know that the Law is good, if one uses it lawfully, realizing the fact that law is not made for a righteous person, but for those who are lawless and rebellious, for the ungodly and sinners, for the unholy and profane, for those who kill their fathers or mothers, for murderers and immoral men and homosexuals and kidnappers and liars and perjurers, and whatever else is contrary to sound teaching, according to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, with which I have been entrusted. (1 Timothy 1:8-11)

If anyone advocates a different doctrine and does not agree with sound words, those of our Lord Jesus Christ, and with the doctrine conforming to godliness, he is conceited and understands nothing; but he has a morbid interest in controversial questions and disputes about words, out of which arise envy, strife, abusive language, evil suspicions… (1 Timothy 6:3-4)

For the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but wanting to have their ears tickled, they will accumulate for themselves teachers in accordance to their own desires, and will turn away their ears from the truth and will turn aside to myths. (2 Timothy 4:3-4)

The word translated “sound” in these passages is the exact same word John uses in his third letter, which is translated “health.” But because the English word “health” or “healthy” has such a narrow meaning in our culture today, it was not considered a proper word to use in translating these verses dealing with “doctrine,” or teaching about truth.

Of course as soon as we seek to define “mental health,” we move outside of the realm of empirical science and into the realm of morals and values. Who gets to define what is proper “mental health,” and in turn actions resulting from someone deemed “mentally healthy”? With modern culture’s denial of a Creator and belief in unguided evolutionary principals, “truth” is defined politically, and in its most extreme form can result in medical tyranny, such as was seen in Nazi Germany pre-World War II. (For more on this see: German Medical Society Apologizes for Nazi-era Atrocities by Doctors [6], and American Eugenics on the Eve of Nazi Expansion: The Darwin Connection [7])

This word for “health” used in John’s letter is also used in the famous story of the prodigal son who returns home to his father:

And he said to him, “Your brother has come, and your father has killed the fattened calf because he has received him back safe and sound.” (Luke 15:27)

The word is translated here “safe and sound,” because there is nothing in the text that would suggest that the prodigal son was sick in the way we normally define “sickness.” He had left his father’s household with his inheritance and squandered it all on a sinful lifestyle. Coming back to his senses, he returned to his father’s house and was restored to his position as son in the family. His “health” in this situation is defined in terms of his relationship to his father and his place in his father’s household.

Of the 23 occurrences of this word in the New Testament, there are some uses where physical health is involved. These occurrences are in the gospel records of the life of Jesus, and also in the book of the Acts of the Apostles, and describe their healing ministries. Some examples:

So the crowd marveled as they saw the mute speaking, the crippled restored, and the lame walking, and the blind seeing; and they glorified the God of Israel. (Matthew 15:31)

Then He said to the man, “Stretch out your hand!” He stretched it out, and it was restored to normal, like the other. (Matthew 12:13)

In the first passage in the gospel of Matthew which is describing the ministry of Jesus, the word is translated “restore” in relation to “the crippled.” Again, the English word “health” or “healthy” does not seem appropriate here, as healing a cripple is not something that can generally be done with medicine. Same in the second passage where a man with a “withered” hand is healed. To translate the verse as “it was restored to health” seems awkward to us, as we think of health as something being restored from an illness with medicine, or other remedies. So it is translated as “normal,” i.e. the way it was before it became deformed.

In Acts 4:10 we do have the word translated “health” in one translation as Peter describes the healing of a man who was lame:

let it be known to all of you and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ the Nazarene, whom you crucified, whom God raised from the dead–by this name this man stands here before you ingood health. (Acts 4:10 NASB)

But more modern English translations of the Bible choose to translate this verse slightly different:

then know this, you and all the people of Israel: It is by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified but whom God raised from the dead, that this man stands before you healed. (Acts 4:10 NIV)

“Healed” seems more appropriate for our modern day English as it has a broader range of meaning that can exclude medicine or cures, such as setting a broken bone or putting a dislocated joint back in place.

There are other Greek words that were used in the Bible for “health” other than the one we started with in 3 John 1:2 (hygiaino), and if we were to study their usage we would also see that they were used and understood quite differently from our modern day word “health.”

The concept of health in the biblical documents did not have the narrow meaning that our culture gives it today, where it generally refers to physical health and the domain of medicine and doctors. It started with correct thinking about the truth [4] and the way we think about God [5] and Jesus. And like the story of the prodigal son who returned home to his father “safe and sound,” health was seen as having a right relationship to God through Jesus, by accepting Jesus’ sacrificial death for our sins, which allows us to be reborn spiritually [8] and begin a relationship with God as his adopted child. We come home to God, just like the prodigal son did. This is where true health begins, and it cannot be purchased from drug companies or doctors. It is the realm of God, and he gives it to whomever he desires as a free gift.

Are you truly healthy today?

For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith — and this not from yourselves, it is the gift of God — not by works, so that no one can boast. (Ephesians 2:8-9)

Related articles:

Who is Responsible for Providing Healthcare? [9]

Who do You Run to When You are Sick? [10]

What is Your Attitude towards Sickness? [11]

What is the Purpose of Your Sickness? [12]

Full article here: http://network.sophiamedia.com/created4health/devotionals/What_is_Health.htm [1]

[13]

Free Shipping Available [13]!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32565,"by Dr. Mercola

Probiotics, or “friendly bacteria,” are essential in establishing a healthy gut flora, and this may be a crucial factor both in helping to prevent celiac disease, an autoimmune disorder that affects at least 3 million Americans,i as well as in reducing adverse (though seldom diagnosed) symptoms associated with […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47096,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Aisli Madden gives some great tips for another way to use coconut oil: cleaning and maintain copper cookware!

Domestic Bliss: Home tips, DIY, decor and more

By Aisli Madden

Irish Independent

Excerpts:

Copper instantly responds to changes in temperature and this thermal conductivity ensures an even distribution of heat, so everything gets cooked consistently and evenly. The downside is that copper requires more TLC than standard stainless steel. This can be easily prevented by regularly using my very own copper cleaner:

You will need:

Table salt

Plain flour

Vinegar

Lemon

Rock salt

Organic unrefined coconut oil

2 x clean cloths

Read the full article here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47348,"[1]

by Margie King [1]

GreenMedInfo.com [1]

Butter has gotten a bad rap for many years, starting in the last century with the rise of margarine, which we now recognize as a deadly trans fat [2]. More recently, butter has been shunned in favor of olive oil and canola oil. But here’s why we should reserve a place at the table for good old-fashioned butter.

A study from Lund University [3] in Sweden shows that butter leads to considerably less elevation of fats in the blood after a meal compared with olive oil, flaxseed oil or a new type of canola oil. High blood fat normally raises cholesterol levels in the blood, which according to the discredited “lipid hypothesis,” elevates the risk of atherosclerosis and heart attack.

Why doesn’t butter raise blood lipid levels?

Researchers pointed out that 20 percent of the fat in butter consists of short and medium-length fatty acids. These are used directly as energy and do not stay around long enough to affect blood fat levels very much.

The researchers opined that although butter raises blood cholesterol in the long term, its short-term effects may actually be advantageous.

Not everyone agrees that butter’s advantage over olive, canola or vegetable oils is only a short term phenomenon. Sally Fallon of The Weston A. Price Foundation is a staunch and eloquent advocate of the benefits of butter [4] and disagrees that butter or cholesterol is a factor in the increase of cardiovascular disease.

The vast fat-free conspiracy

Since the early 1920’s butter has been pushed aside in favor of margarine and other fad fats and vilified as a deadly saturated fat [5] that causes heart disease. Yet for thousands of years before that, butter was a dietary staple of many cultures with no evidence of adverse health effects.

Between 1920 and 1960, Americans’ use of butter declined from 18 pounds per person per year to 4 pounds, yet heart disease went from a relatively unknown condition to the number one killer. So how likely is it that butter is killing us?

According to Fallon, butter is the victim of a vast fat-free conspiracy, formed by those who benefit from replacing healthy butter with disease promoting mass produced vegetable oils and trans fats.

The truth is that butter is good for you [6]. Here are 10 benefits of eating real, fresh creamery butter:

1. Butter is the most easily absorbable source of vitamin A [7] which supports the thyroid and adrenal glands, and in turn, the cardiovascular system.

2. Butter doesn’t lead to excess body fat since its short and medium chain fatty acids are burned for quick energy and not stored, and it also gives a feeling of satiety that may decrease cravings and over-eating.

3. It’s rich in anti-oxidants including vitamins A and E, as well as selenium [8] protecting against heart disease as well as cancer.

4. Butter is a good source of dietary cholesterol which acts as an anti-oxidant, repairing damage from free radicals caused by rancid fats, vegetable oils and trans fats. Cholesterol [9] is also important for the development of the brain and nervous system in children.

4. The saturated fat in butter consists of short and medium chain fatty acids which have anti-tumor properties and also strengthen the immune system.

5. Butter contains conjugated linoleic acids [10] (CLA) which are cancer protective.

7. When in its raw state and not pasteurized, butter has an anti-stiffness property called the Wulzen factor, that protects against arthritis [11], cataracts and hardening of the arteries.

8. Butter is a good source of iodine [12] in a highly absorbable form and necessary for proper thyroid function.

9. It promotes gastro-intestinal health and decreases rates of diarrhea in children.

10. Butter is a good source of vitamin K2 [13] which prevents tooth decay and builds strong teeth and bones.

Remember that the richest benefits are found in raw butter made from pastured cows.

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/10-healthy-reasons-enjoy-real-butter1 [1]

[14]Margie King is a holistic health coach and graduate of the Institute for Integrative Nutrition®. A Wharton M.B.A. and practicing corporate attorney for 20 years, Margie left the world of business to pursue her passion for all things nutritious. She now works with midlife women and busy professionals to improve their health, energy and happiness through individual and group coaching, as well as webinars, workshops and cooking classes. She is also a professional copywriter and prolific health and nutrition writer whose work appears as the National Nutrition Examiner. To contact Margie, visit www.NourishingMenopause.com [15].



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32612,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

Claire Rembis was sick, and had to spend 3 days in the hospital. Her attack of pancreatitis paled in comparison to what happened next. The mom from Plano, Texas, came home to a nightmare that no parent should ever have to face. CPS came and took her children, all 11 of them, because a “well-meaning” couple, members of her oldest son’s former youth group, didn’t think that the 16 and 14 year olds could handle babysitting their siblings while their dad took the baby to the hospital to visit Claire.

Has it really gotten to the point where a mother cannot get sick without risking losing her children to the State?

The children were returned after a few days, because the removal on July 7, 2015, was reportedly illegal. However, the family is terrified because the CPS involvement opened the door to a long list of “services” ordered by the court – services which threaten to rip the family apart.

Family and friends consider these services to be invasive, unnecessary, and excessive.

However, if they fail to comply with these services, they risk their children being removed from their home again and placed into foster care. They are walking on eggshells as they desperately try to comply with the demands of the state – demands that some of their friends say “strip them of their parental rights.”

According to Claire, “they are trying to come after our homeschooling as they cannot find any reason for removal.”

Not only is their homeschooling under fire, but the social workers allegedly want her to discontinue breastfeeding their 3 month old baby.

They also have to find a house to move to, and move, by August 8, because a police officer who accompanied the social worker decided to phone the Rembis’ landlord and allegedly accused them of violating their lease. They received the eviction notice the day after the children were seized. When no lease violations were found, the landlord reportedly decided not to renew their lease. They still have to move.

Not OK With CPS for Teens to Babysit Siblings

During the course of Claire’s 3 day hospital stay, William Rembis, Sr., reports that there were two occasions during which he was at the hospital with his wife, and the baby was with him both times. He had no concerns about the ability of his older children to care for the younger children.

However, Marshall and Patty Parker, members of the church where the oldest of the children, Will, 16, formerly attended, did not believe that a non-adult could handle caring for that many children, as they testified in their affidavits submitted to the court. After allegedly coming by the house to bring food, they called CPS on the family.

Patty Parker: “The children are left at home alone and although the eldest is 16, being in charge of children as young as 2 and as many as 9 children is well beyond his capabilities.”

Will spoke with Medical Kidnap about the allegations. He believes that the accusations could be retaliation against him because he stopped attending that church, where he previously held a leadership position.

“Because I know how to do something that they can’t, apparently it makes it wrong for me to do it. I’m equipped to do this. I’ve grown up in a big family, and I know how this works. I know my siblings. I know how to work with them. I was able to take care of them just fine. It’s not that hard – if they’re hungry, get them some food. We’re able to manage it.”

Children who grow up in large families and/or with younger siblings typically know how to take care of the little ones. Even WebMD states that kids as young as 12 or 13 are often mature enough to babysit. (Source) In the Rembis family, 3 of the children fit that bill, at ages 16, 14, and 12.

It certainly isn’t against any law for teens to be left at home with younger siblings. Yet, Child Protective Services charged Claire and William Rembis with physical neglect and neglectful supervision for leaving the older kids in charge during an emergency situation.

Allegations of Messy House

The other allegation by the Parkers, which social worker Jennifer Matthews took to the judge to get the order for removal, was that the house was messy. According to blog Cahnman’s Musings:

CPS came to the house yesterday and looked in the windows. They were only able to see in to her twin girls’ room, which (as I can attest with only one girl) was messy. (Seriously, can you imagine someone judging the condition of your home based on the cleanliness of your 8 year old’s room?)

The Rembis family submitted photos to Medical Kidnap, which were taken the day that CPS took their children. The photos are shocking, after reading the allegations in Marshall Parker’s affidavit that the home looked like a “landfill.”

The order for the removal of the children was signed by visiting Judge Curt Henderson, while the sitting judge was on vacation. The sitting judge had reportedly previously denied the removal. According to protocols, the visiting judge reportedly should not have signed the emergency removal order without notifying the parents’ attorneys first. The apparent violation is believed to be the reason that the children were returned home.

Claire and William say that the allegations against them have no basis in truth, and there is no evidence to support the allegations. William says that social worker Jennifer Matthews got the emergency removal order because she lied to the judge, saying that the parents had both been gone for three days.

“The thing is – anybody can make an allegation. Their mission [of CPS] is to substantiate the allegation. They don’t even try to disprove them. Some of the allegations were really far-fetched.”

In the Rembis family’s video recording of CPS taking their children away.

Claire asks incredulously,

“They said we left them [the kids] for 3 days?” William: “Yeah, that’s what they said.” Claire: “Wow.”

Dramatic Escape From CPS by Oldest Teen

The Rembis family received word shortly before the arrival of CPS that they were coming to remove the children. They were terrified, but also devoutly Christian. The parents gathered their children to pray together and tell them how much they love them.

Will, the 16 year old son, tells Health Impact News that he has heard stories about the horrors of foster care, and he thought to himself:

“I am not about to be taken away by social services.”

He went to his room to get his shoes, but CPS arrived while he was still in his room. He grabbed his longboard and tried to get out the back gate, but it was locked. So he walked nonchalantly out the front door, where 3 or 4 police officers and some social workers were standing as the children were being herded out of the house.

He says that he tipped his head to some of the authorities in greeting, and then skated off right under their noses. Allegedly, the social workers later testified that they didn’t see him leave, but Will says that isn’t true. He said he took one look back toward the house, and some of the social workers looked right at him as he skated away.

He spent the next couple of hours hiding and darting between and behind buildings and bushes, escaping social workers who were trying to chase him down.

Once, he tried to go back to his home, and noticed a red Mercedes driving down the street. When the driver saw him, he made a U-turn and came after Will, but, again, he was able to elude the person whom he said was obviously a social worker.

The 16 year old stayed gone for a week, only returning after the other children were allowed to come home. He says that his parents didn’t know where he was, but he got word to them that he was safe.

(It would seem almost ironic that this resourceful teen is the same one that CPS and the Parkers accused of being incapable of caring for his younger siblings when his mother was sick?)

Kids Returned, But With Many Strings Attached

According to an update on the case on their Fundly page, the court date of July 14 “was a grueling day – They faced an army in the courtroom that contradicted themselves on sworn affidavits and went to great lengths to not just maintain state custody of these children, but to strip them of their parental rights.”

At this point, the family asserts that the judge has no idea about most of the evidence in their defense.

Testimony by agents of CPS took up almost the entire hearing, while Claire Rembis was only given 20 minutes to testify about the most important people in her life. None of the witnesses who intended to speak on the family’s behalf were given the opportunity to testify.

Still, after being placed in several separate foster homes, and one of the siblings being sent to a shelter, the children were returned home. However, CPS was able to get court approval for a significant number of “services” ordered.

The older kids came home first, and several days later, the younger ones were returned. It was reportedly somehow “because of their ages” that the state kept the little ones longer.

“Services” Are More Like Blackmail

When one thinks of “services” being “offered,” the implication of the words are that they are helpful benefits that one may either accept or refuse. Not so with CPS services. Few Americans realize what these taxpayer-funded services actually are, and most believe that their purpose is simply to help struggling families. However, as many families from all over the nation report to Health Impact News, the “services” that CPS “offer” seem to amount to tyranny, slavery, and blackmail to them. The underlying threat is: Submit, or lose your children.

Other parents and attorneys have described them as being the equivalent of a fishing expedition. When CPS doesn’t have enough grounds to take or keep the children, services are ordered in order to “catch” the parents in something that they can use.

Young Will Rembis describes them as both “a waste of time” and “another way for them to spy on us.”

In a recent story on the Coumpy family in Arizona, court documents actually show that submission to all services is demanded or else the children could be adopted out. (Story here)

Extensive (Excessive?) List of Services Demanded By CPS

Although the allegations that originally got CPS involved in the Rembis family’s lives were not proven, the door was opened for the state to make all sorts of demands on the family, for the purpose of “reducing the reasonable likelihood that the children … may be neglected in the immediate or foreseeable future.” In the words of William Rembis,

“What happened to innocent until proven guilty?”

Some of these service requirements listed in the overwhelming court order include:

Intensive parenting classes. Parents must “show comprehension of each child and his or her independent needs.”

“Shall allow the Guardian Ad Litem and Attorney Ad Litem(s) to have unlimited, uninterrupted, private access to all children and encourage child participation in and/or out of the home.”

Parents are required to notify CPS within 24 hours of any medical appointment for the children. CPS workers may attend the appointments.

Psychological evaluations for the children

Early Childhood Intervention evaluation for their daughter Sunday

Evaluation and treatment for scabies within 48 hours of the order for their daughter Cora. When her own doctor examined her, he found that she had mosquito bites, not the scabies that CPS accused her of having. Medical diagnosis – “Bite of nonvenomous arthropod.”

Tuberculosis testing for their daughters Cora, Pocahontas, and Cinderella

Follow up appointment within 48 hours of the order for baby Enoch with a pediatrician. Parents required to email weight and blood test results to CPS if no one associated with CPS attends the appointment

Medical physicals within 15 days of the order for William Jr., Alexander, Sebastian, Belle, Aurora, Pocahontas, and Cinderella

The parents must follow all recommendations of the medical professionals, whether they agree or not

Inform CPS of any person besides the parents babysitting the children, providing detailed information on the babysitter

“Shall allow the Department, Guardian Ad Litem and Attorney Ad Litem(s) to inspect any parts of the house without parental interference.”

And more, including demands which impact the Rembis family’s choices to homeschool and breastfeed

CPS Makes Demands About Homeschooling

According to the Texas Homeschool Coalition,

“Home schools in Texas have been determined by the Texas courts to be private schools, and private schools are not regulated by the state of Texas. There are no requirements, such as teacher certification or curriculum approval.”

However, some of the requirements of the court ordered services could be seen as a direct attack on the family’s choice to homeschool their children, including:

Developmental assessments to “assist the parents for future educational needs and in determining what agencies/churches/homeschool co-ops or networks each child may need.”

Provide CPS a list of all homeschool curriculum, workbooks, and log in information for the GALs “so that they may look to see if the children are in fact logging in within 10 days of this order for curriculum using now.” (NOTE: It is summer. Most children are not doing school currently.)

Must join a homeschooling network and provide information about it by August 4

CPS Demands the Baby to Grow at an Unreasonable Rate, and Attacks Mother’s Breastfeeding

Other requirements relate to allegations that came in after the children were taken that they were not adequately feeding baby Enoch, who was breastfed. Claire said that the social workers have made it clear that they do not want her to breastfeed, even though she is a breastfeeding mother with many years of experience nursing many children.

One of their concerns is the pain medications that she was taking for the pancreatitis attack. However, due to her extensive knowledge and experience with breastfeeding, Claire researched experts on risks of medications during lactation. She reports that MotherToBaby, a service of the Organization of Teratology Information Specialists, vouches for her to continue nursing even with the medications she is taking.

The other concern is that Enoch is small. Allegedly, a pediatrician hired by CPS is calling this “failure to thrive.” Claire reports that tiny babies are her family’s norm, and that they don’t grow quickly in the beginning, even though they are healthy. Enoch’s pattern of growth is very similar to her previous 10 children.

However, she says that the pediatrician hired by CPS has ignored the genetic component, and that she testified to the court that she was basing the concerns about the baby’s weight on the CDC charts, not the WHO charts. Breastfed babies gain weight at a different rate than formula-fed babies, and the WHO charts are based on breastfed babies being the norm. The pediatrician allegedly falsely testified that the CDC charts are based on breast-fed babies, but this is not true. According to the CDC website,

“The CDC growth reference charts are based on primarily formula-fed infants.” (Source)

When she took her baby to family physician Dr. Robert Paul for a second opinion, he noted that Claire’s recent illness could also have impacted his weight. He checked out as being healthy.

Claire is afraid that the court is holding her baby’s weight to a false expectation. CPS has demanded that Enoch weigh 9 lbs 8 oz by August 4. On July 13, he weighed 7 lbs 15 oz. KellyMom reports that, according to La Leche League’s Breastfeeding Answer Book, breastfed babies up to 4 months gain an average of 5 to 7 ounces per week. For Enoch to reach the goal weight demanded by CPS, he would have to gain more than 8 ounces in each of the last 3 weeks, which is well above average.

Mrs. Rembis has been feeding her formerly exclusively breastfed baby formula in the hopes of reaching a goal that the data clearly demonstrates is excessive.

She must maintain a daily feeding log of every feeding, noting the amount, time, and duration of feedings, as well as log all spit-up.

Said log must be emailed at the end of each day to the social worker, the Guardian Ad Litem, the Attorney Ad Litem, and the parents’ attorney.

Recording of CPS Originally Forbidden

In the original court order, the parents, and any one of their “agents” were forbidden to videotape or audiotape any conversations or meetings with CPS or their agents. The family held that this was in violation of their constitutional rights and their rights as Texas citizens. There were already numerous concerns that social workers were acting in violation of the Rembis’ parental rights. They are thankful that the judge has now altered the ruling to permit recording.

Family Is Terrified

Their next court date is August 31 at 9:00 a.m. at the 417th District Court of Collin County. William and Claire Rembis are desperately trying to comply with all of the court’s demands, because their children mean everything to them.

They are terrified. Two days after receiving the final court orders about what services are required, CPS representatives descended upon their home in droves – 5 visits within 16 hours.

Strange cars have reportedly begun driving down their street slowly, as if they are looking for something. A neighbor has allegedly been writing down the license plates of visitors to the Rembis home and sending them to the social worker. Two different friends have reported that a neighbor was snapping photos of them as they got out of their vehicles and walked to the house. Another neighbor was seen sneaking around the bushes by their home late one night recently. Social worker Jennifer Matthews is reportedly no longer assigned to their case, yet she has been contacting friends of the family through Facebook. The family feels like they are being stalked by people who “don’t have the kids’ best interest at heart.”

Meanwhile, they have to pack and search for a new home that will have room for their large family by August 8, all the while working to cooperate with the numerous services of CPS.

How You Can Help

There is a Facebook page called The Rembis Family that has been set up for supporters to follow their story and offer support.

Contact:

Texas Governor Greg Abbott at (512) 463-1782, or reach him here.

Senator Van Taylor at (512) 463-0108, or reach him here.

Congressman Jeff Leach at (512) 463-0544, or reach him here.

Comment on this article on MedicalKidnap.com

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24432,"Read this before you consider purchasing a hazmat suit to protect yourself from Ebola! Are we facing an Ebola pandemic that will kill millions, or is this just a marketing plan of the pharmaceutical industry to sell more drugs and vaccines? Is the current strain of the Ebola virus a secret creation of pharmaceutical company scientists, biological warfare researchers, or the fruit of Monsanto’s product development team? Was Ebola created, or did it just accidentally spill over into humans from an animal host such as African fruit bats? Is the US government intentionally not taking strong action to prevent Ebola from spreading or is there really minimal risk to Americans? Are there groups that want to decrease the world population through spreading contagious diseases such as Ebola, or is this just another imaginary plan that is being reported by certain conspiracy theory groups? Is the Ebola virus a local epidemic, a global pandemic, or a hoax? Is life in America as we have known it about to collapse into chaos and martial law, or will we be safe and secure once we take the Ebola vaccine? Will more people die from the Ebola vaccine than would have died from the disease itself? All these questions have been circulating through the media over the last few months. The situation with Ebola is certainly a complex muddle of contradictory facts, opposing interpretations, and political intrigue. It reminds me very much of the 1976 Swine flu hoax -- commonly called the swine flu fiasco or the swine flu debacle. More:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
27760,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Congressman Posey won lots of applause from the autism community late last year during the Congressional hearing on autism. He grilled Dr. Boyle of the CDC on the issue of why there had never been a study conducted comparing vaccinated and unvaccinated children. He was also highly critical of the CDC’s use of public funds in studying the issue, and the fraud of Dr. Poul Thorsen over grant money.

The Refusers is now reporting that Congressman Posey is taking the further step of introducing a bill requiring the study of vaccinated versus unvaccinated children. It is H.R. 1757, and Representative Carolyn Maloney is a co-sponsor at this point. I encourage everyone to contact their representative in Congress and have them co-sponsor and support this bill:

To direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct or support a comprehensive study comparing total health outcomes, including risk of autism, in vaccinated populations in the United States with such outcomes in unvaccinated populations in the United States, and for other purposes.

The Autism Action Network has supplied an easy form to use to contact your Representative (scroll to bottom): Take Action

Congressman introduces bill requiring study of autism rate in vaccinated vs. unvaccinated

by Michael Belkin

The Refusers

The CDC has refused to study the autism rate in vaccinated vs. unvaccinated kids, because they are a captive agency of vaccine manufacturers. The former head of the CDC is now the head of Merck vaccines, the largest US vaccine manufacturer. CDC officials have been disrespectful, bumbling fools when required to testify before Congress.

The CDC is reluctant to compare autism rates in unvaxed vs. vaxed because it will likely show the same thing as the following study and survey, a huge increase in autism risk in the vaccinated. Of course such data will indict the CDC and expose their responsibility for creating the biggest epidemic in US history: Vaccine-induced autism.

Continue Reading the Article Here: http://therefusers.com/refusers-newsroom/congressman-introduces-bill-requiring-study-of-autism-rate-in-vaccinated-vs-unvaccinated/#.UYAbkj4idok

HON. Bill Posey

Of Florida

IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES

Friday, April 26, 2013

I rise today to draw the attention of the Congress and the American people to the Autism epidemic that is tragically ravaging too many of America’s children.

April is Autism Awareness Month, and I am pleased to join with parents, siblings, grandparents, special education school teachers, medical care providers, and interventionists to draw attention to the rapidly expanding autism community.

When I was young, autism was virtually unheard of. In the 1980s rarely did you meet someone who knew someone with autism. Yet, in the 1990s there was an explosion of autism. Indeed, in the course of just my lifetime, Autism Spectrum Disorder has grown from a very rare condition to – according to the Centers for Disease Control – a developmental disorder affecting 1-in-50 school aged children. And, tragically, the rate for school aged boys is a disturbing 1-in-33.

On December 19, 2006, the effort to address this epidemic took a major step forward as President Bush signed into law the bipartisan Combating Autism Act. I look forward to working with my colleagues and the Autism community to reauthorize this program next year. Though the Interagency Autism Coordinating Committee each year produces a strategic plan to address Autism, the billion-dollar allocation of resources to autism has not been evenly invested among genetic, epigenetic, and environmental factors. I must concur with the experts who have been willing to speak out, that the epidemic increase in the rates of autism are not a ‘genetic’ epidemic. Indeed, you don’t have genetic epidemics. While there is likely a genetic component to many who have been diagnosed with Autism, we must seriously consider that there are likely several key factors in autism.

Also, so some who have suggested that the increase in Autism is due to better diagnosis, you don’t go from 1 in 1,000 to 1 in 80 in three decades due to better diagnosis alone. And, if that were the case, where are the tens of thousands of autistic adults in their 40s, 50s and 60s. While better diagnosis may be a factor, common sense says there is a real increase and something is causing it.

While some may be borne with Autism, there are many parents who testify to the fact and present cases where their children were progressing normally but something triggered a regression where they lost speech, abilities, and regressed from developmental milestones that they had earlier met. Was that regression due to external factors such as medical injury, exposure to environmental toxins such as lead or mercury, or was it adverse reactions to medications that lead to high fevers, brain inflammation or seizures? We must get answers to these questions.

I was pleased to participate in a November 2012 House Oversight and Government Reform hearing on the Federal Response to Autism. That was one of the most attended hearings I have participated in since coming to Washington in 2009. Indeed at this hearing it was standing room only, and overflow rooms had to be used to accommodate the public. This was a much anticipated hearing from many parents of children suffering from Autism who want clear and unbiased answers to questions surrounding the epidemic.

I, like many in Congress, were frustrated with the lackluster response from the federal witnesses, particularly the CDC witness that was evasive and took more than five months to respond to the Committee’s questions. The responses that finally arrived this month were incomplete, often evasive, and showed a complete lack of urgency on the part of the CDC. I was also disappointed that the federal government witnesses did not have the courtesy to remain at the hearing to listen to the testimony of the public panel representing non-profit organizations and academic institutions focused on Autism and Asperger’s Syndrome.

Parents, grandparents, educators, health professionals, and highly functional adults on the autism spectrum are frustrated at the federal response to this epidemic. There is much more that we could and should be doing.

Some believe that toxins like thimerosal, which is 50% ethylmercury, have played a role in the rise in autism and neurodevelopmental disabilities. In 2000 there was near universal agreement that mercury should be removed as a preservative for vaccines. Yet, today, nearly half of all annual flu vaccines, which are recommended for children and pregnant women, still contain mercury as a preservative – not simply trace amounts of mercury. It’s 2013! Why are we still injecting ethylmercury into babies and pregnant women?

I have been deeply disappointed in the failure of the CDC and the Department of Justice to see that Dr. Poul Thorsen is extradited to the United States to stand trial for orchestrating an elaborate scheme stealing more than $$1 million from the CDC-Denmark grant. That money was supposed to be used to investigate the causes of autism and developmental disabilities. Instead it was diverted to personal use by Dr. Thorsen. Thorsen was a key author on 22 of the CDC’s key studies related to autism and developmental disabilities.

Before coming to Congress in 2009, I heard from some in the autism community who have advocated for a retrospective study to examine whether there are different health outcomes when comparing vaccinated children and unvaccinated children, including autism and chronic conditions. I have continued to hear these requests over the past four years. At the hearing I asked CDC if they had conducted such a study and they said they’ve done dozens of studies related to autism but never have looked at a comparison of vaccinated versus unvaccinated. In fact, a recent study they published compared fully vaccinated children to those who were not fully vaccinated, but for some reason it did not include data on completely unvaccinated children. Seems like common sense to do a study comparing vaccinated children vs unvaccinated and this week I was pleased to be joined by my colleague Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-NY) in introducing H.R. 1757, The Vaccine Safety Study Act. This would direct the National Institutes of Health to conduct a retrospective study of health outcomes, including autism, of vaccinated versus unvaccinated children. That should bring an answer to this decades long question.

Whether the number is 1-in-88 twelve-year-olds, or 1-in-50 school-aged children, or 1-in-33 young boys, we can all agree that the number is devastatingly high. We must overturn every stone to get to the bottom of this epidemic. We cannot afford to see this epidemic grow. We must examine every possible risk factor to protect the world’s greatest resource: our children. And, we must invest to develop the best interventions to help those who are autistic.

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43825,"[1]

By Dr. Mercola [1]

In the wake of shocking reports on how the FDA, terrified of being outed for its questionable practices, spied on its own employees in the hopes of rooting them out before they could become whistleblowers, a new story has emerged on how deep the deceit goes. From marginalizing safety reports to not reading them at all―and then going ahead and approving the drugs in question―the FDA once more stands accused of being little more than a rubber-stamping agency for Big Pharma.

Explosive revelations of an intensive spy operation by the FDA [2] on its own scientists emerged last month. Using sophisticated spy software, the agency tracked and logged every move made by the targeted individuals. The program even intercepted personal emails and copied documents on their personal thumb drives.

The targeted scientists had expressed concern over the agency’s approval of dangerous medical imaging devices for mammograms and colonoscopies, which they believe expose patients to dangerous levels of radiation. Now, another whistleblower has stepped forward, and what he has to say about the agency’s drug safety reviews is shocking even to the jaded…

Former FDA Reviewer Speaks Out About Systemic Suppression of Safety

Ronald Kavanagh was a drug reviewer for the FDA in the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research from 1998 to 2008. In a recent interview he reveals how the FDA bypassed or ignored safety issues on major drugs approved during his employment. In an interview for the online news magazine Truth-Out, he tells Martha Rosenberg1:

“In the Center for Drugs [Center for Drug Evaluation and Research or CDER], as in the Center for Devices, the honest employee fears the dishonest employee.

There is also irrefutable evidence that managers at CDER have placed the nation at risk by corrupting the evaluation of drugs and by interfering with our ability to ensure the safety and efficacy of drugs. While I was at FDA, drug reviewers were clearly told not to question drug companies and that our job was to approve drugs. We were prevented, except in rare instances, from presenting findings at advisory committees.

In 2007, formal policies were instituted so that speaking in any way that could reflect poorly on the agency could result in termination. If we asked questions that could delay or prevent a drug’s approval – which of course was our job as drug reviewers – management would reprimand us, reassign us, hold secret meetings about us, and worse. Obviously in such an environment, people will self-censor.”

According to Kavanagh, people would be shocked if they knew just how malleable safety data is. As examples, he points out that human studies are typically too short and contain too few subjects to get a clear picture of potential risks. In such a scenario, even a single case of a serious adverse event must be taken very seriously, and data from other longer term safety studies also need to be carefully analyzed. Kavanagh claims he has seen drug reviews where the medical safety reviewer completely failed to make such evaluations prior to the drug’s approval.

FDA Actively Thwarts Serious Safety Investigations

There’s no telling how many ineffective and/or dangerous drugs and medical devices have been approved and ushered into market through sheer intimidation and bullying, either by pharmaceutical companies or FDA management. Perhaps even more shocking are the revelations that some of the internal rules and regulations of the FDA are clearly designed to thwart serious safety reviews from the get-go.

According to Kavanagh:

“[H]uman clinical pharmacology trials are typically done in Europe, yet clinical pharmacology reviewers at FDA have been barred from analyzing this information prior to studies being conducted in the US. Without being able to do this, we are unable to detect evidence of risks early and cannot provide guidance that would help with the development of the drug in terms not only of safety and proving efficacy, but also with the efficiency and cost effectiveness of the drug’s development.”

Another loophole that can put your health in serious jeopardy is that drug companies are not required to include adverse events on the drug’s label if the adverse reaction is:

Below a certain percentage, and/or

Below double the rate of the adverse event found in a placebo

According to Kavanagh:

“By this rule, certain serious and potentially lethal adverse events that eventually resulted in a drug being withdrawn from the market would not have had any mention of the adverse events made in the labeling at all.”

Kavanagh also claims to have discovered another common loophole used by pharmaceutical companies to circumvent safety issues. They’d simply submit bits and pieces of data to different places, effectively preventing the reviewer to pull it all together. Then, because the safety issues falsely appeared to be negligible, it would be decided that no further evaluation would be necessary…

“On one occasion, the company even told me they were going to call upper management to get a clear requirement for approval that they did not want to fulfill eliminated, which I then saw happen. On another occasion a company clearly stated in a meeting that they had “paid for an approval,” Kavanagh says.

“Sometimes we were literally instructed to only read a 100-150 page summary and to accept drug company claims without examining the actual data, which on multiple occasions I found directly contradicted the summary document. Other times I was ordered not to review certain sections of the submission, but invariably that’s where the safety issues would be. This could only occur if FDA management was told about issues in the submission before it had even been reviewed.

In addition, management would overload us with huge amounts of material that could not possibly be read by a given deadline and would withhold assistance. When you are able to dig in, if you found issues that would make you turn down a drug, you could be pressured to reverse your decision or the review would then be handed off to someone who would simply copy and paste whatever claims the company made in the summary document.”

Examples of Dangerous Drug Approvals

In his interview, Kavanagh discusses some of the dangerous drugs that were approved in the face of unequivocal safety concerns. One is the nerve gas drug pyridostigmine—a prophylactic drug against the nerve agent Soman. The drug was approved under the “Animal Rule,” which allows drugs to be approved based on animal data alone. There were multiple problems with this approval. First, the animal studies did not reflect how the drug would be used in humans. Second, the drug actually increases lethality if nerve agents other than Soman are used.

According to Kavanagh:

“This information was not secret – both FDA and DoD public documents acknowledge increased lethality with other nerve agents such as Sarin, and DoD and other government documents that are public also document that Saddam Hussein was not using Soman and was instead using these other nerve agents exclusively.

Yet because I raised this as an objection, I was immediately replaced as the primary reviewer so that I could not document my concerns and so that pyridostigmine could be approved. It’s since been proposed that if we ever face the prospect of nerve agents in the future, that this approval will be used as a justification to convince the President at that time to waive informed consent without presenting a full picture.”

Pediatric drugs also end up posing unnecessary risks due to the FDA’s failure to adequately review safety risks, and the many scientific loopholes employed by pharmaceutical companies. For example, the following flawed parameters are typically used in pediatric drug studies:

Dosages are based on approved adult dosages, without regard for metabolic differences between a developing child’s body and an adult

Exposure studies oftentimes use overweight children, and include too few children to adequately evaluate risks

No allowances are made for race, age, puberty, or actual weight

Dangers to pregnant women and their developing fetuses are also frequently ignored. All in all, the FDA appears to be engaged in a systematic hush-operation designed to give just about anything Big Pharma develops the green light. Essentially, dangerous drugs are given a rubber stamp of approval—the necessary go-ahead to make obscene profits while killing and injuring hundreds of thousands of people every year. It is, quite simply, inexcusable. The mainstream media has a lot to answer for as well, as their lack of reporting on these issues contributes to the problem by keeping a lid on reality.

According to Kavanagh:

“FDA’s response to most expected risks is to deny them and wait until there is irrefutable evidence postmarketing, and then simply add a watered down warning in the labeling. In fact, when patients exhibit drug toxicity, it is usually attributed to an underlying condition which we know is likely to make the drug toxicity worse. This also allows the toxicity to be dismissed as being unrelated to the drug in any way.

Consequently, toxicities are only attributed to the drug when the evidence is irrefutable. Thus the majority of cases where there is a contributing factor are simply dismissed. When you do raise potential safety issues, the refrain that I heard repeatedly from upper management was‚”where are the dead bodies in the street?” Which I took to mean that we only do something if the press is making an issue of it.”

FDA Safety Reviewers Made to Fear for Their Lives?

Kavanagh was not surprised to learn about the agency’s retaliation against the five whistleblowers, giving several examples of how he was personally intimidated, to the point of fearing for his life, and the safety of his children!

“After FDA management learned I had gone to Congress about certain issues, I found my office had been entered and my computer physically tampered with,” Kavanagh tells Rosenberg.

“… After I gave Representative Waxman’s (D-CA) office a USB drive with evidence, FDA staff was admonished that it was prohibited to download information to USB drives. Then, after I openly reported irregularities in an antipsychotic drug review and FDA financial collusion with outsiders to Senator Grassley’s office and the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, I was threatened with prison if I should release trade secret information to Congress… [T]he Food Drug and Cosmetics Act explicitly allows communication of trade secrets by FDA employees to Congress, but since most people are unaware of this, FDA management can use the threat of jail for violation of the Trade Secrets Act, not only to discourage reviewers, but in my case they got Senator Grassley’s staff to destroy the evidence I provided them.

The threats, however, can be much worse than prison. One manager threatened my children – who had just turned 4 and 7 years old – and in one large staff meeting, I was referred to as a ‘saboteur.’ Based on other things that happened and were said, I was afraid that I could be killed for talking to Congress and criminal investigators.”

We Now Know What Domestic Surveillance of Whistleblowers Looks Like

The following video features attorney, Stephen Kohn, executive director of the National Whistleblowers Center and attorney for the FDA whistleblowers in the recently revealed FDA spy operation against them2.

“For the first time, we now have a glimpse into what domestic surveillance of whistleblowers looks like in this country with the modern technological developments,” Kohn says. “The agency [sought] to destroy the reputation of these whistleblowers forever.”

FDA Failures Place Health of Americans and Nation at Grave Risk

The FDA’s mission statement reads as follows:

“The FDA is responsible for protecting the public health by assuring the safety, efficacy, and security of human and veterinary drugs, biological products, medical devices, our nation’s food supply, cosmetics, and products that emit radiation. The FDA is also responsible for advancing the public health by helping to speed innovations that make medicines and foods more effective, safer, and more affordable; and helping the public get the accurate, science-based information they need to use medicines and foods to improve their health.”

In 2007, a report bearing the revealing title “FDA Science and Mission at Risk” by the Subcommittee on Science and Technology3, detailed how the FDA cannot fulfill its stated mission because:

Its scientific base has eroded and its scientific organizational structure is weak Its scientific workforce does not have sufficient capacity and capability, and Its information technology (IT) infrastructure is inadequate

Furthermore, the report found that “the development of medical products based on “new science” cannot be adequately regulated by the FDA, and that the agency does not have the capacity to carry out risk assessment and analysis. Additionally, the agency’s science agenda “lacks coherent structure and vision, as well as effective coordination and prioritization.”

The fact that the FDA does not have its ducks in a row; has sorely misplaced its priorities; and is not working to fulfill its mission is clearly evidenced in the numerous cases where hundreds and sometimes thousands of complaints about dangerous drugs (like Vioxx and Avandia), vaccines (like Gardasil), and additives (like aspartame) are stubbornly ignored, while SWAT-style teams armed to the teeth are sent to raid supplement makers, whole food businesses, organic farmers, and raw dairies when oftentimes not a single incidence of harm can be attributed to their products.

According to the Science and Technology Subcommittee’s report, the failures of the FDA is placing the health of Americans, and indeed the economic health of the entire nation, at grave risk:

“The FDA constitutes a critical component of our nation’s healthcare delivery and public health system. The FDA, as much as any public or private sector institution in this country, touches the lives, health and wellbeing of all Americans and is integral to the nation’s economy and its security.

The FDA’s responsibilities for protecting the health of Americans are far-reaching. The FDA protects our nation’s food supply through regulatory activities designed to cover 80 percent of the food consumed in this country. The FDA also regulates all drugs, human vaccines, and medical devices, and hence plays a critical role in ensuring the appropriate safety and efficacy of rapidly emerging medical products.

… The FDA is also central to the economic health of the nation, regulating approximately $$1 trillion in consumer products or 25 cents of every consumer dollar expended in this country annually.. Thus, the nation is at risk if FDA science is at risk. The Subcommittee concluded that science at the FDA is in a precarious position: the Agency suffers from serious scientific deficiencies and is not positioned to meet current or emerging regulatory responsibilities.”

Final Thoughts

One of the root causes for their utter abandonment of public safety is that the majority of the FDA’s funding comes from the very companies that it is seeking to monitor and evaluate. The FDA has progressively morphed into a mere pawn and instrument of the drug industry, which has little to do with drug safety, and everything to do with maximizing profits.

As Dr. David Graham [3]—another prominent FDA whistleblower who blew the lid on the Vioxx scandal—stated in a 2005 interview:

“As currently configured, the FDA is not able to adequately protect the American public. It’s more interested in protecting the interests of industry. It views industry as its client, and the client is someone whose interest you represent. Unfortunately, that is the way the FDA is currently structured.

Within the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, about 80 percent of the resources are geared towards the approval of new drugs and 20 percent is for everything else. Drug safety is about 5 percent. The ‘gorilla in the living room’ is new drugs and approval. Congress has not only created that structure, they have also worsened that structure through the PDUFA, the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, by which drug companies pay money to the FDA so they will review and approve its drug.”

The only real solution isn’t minor changes to the existing structure, but a complete reform of the FDA. But until then, please, don’t risk your money or your life on a paradigm designed to profit from your ill health. Instead, switch to natural methods that will allow your body to heal itself without the need for the deadly drugs being pushed on you by the drug companies and the FDA.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/08/13/drug-safety-whistleblower.aspx [1]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32595,"by Inquisitr.com [3]

Excerpts:

Dr. Bierd claimed that “doctor’s discretion” gave her the right to override the parents’ decision and force the vaccine, or take the baby away and give it anyway. She based this on the fact that Aliea did not have existing bloodwork prior to admission demonstrating that she did not have hepatitis B. In other words, unlike the American system of justice, the assumption of this doctor is that mothers are “guilty until proven innocent by bloodwork.”

Upon admission to the hospital, Bidwell told the staff that she did not want the newborn vaccines. No one present indicated any problem with her request. Legally, parents can refuse vaccines in Alabama on religious or medical grounds. But that didn’t stop Dr. Bierd from lying to the family, telling them that it was law that the baby receive the hepatitis B vaccine. She later back-pedaled and told them it wasn’t law, after the family had contacted an off-duty judge friend, who asked what statute that was. (It wasn’t.) But she didn’t back down on her blackmail threats.

Just a few hours later, their world imploded. Their “choice” was to submit to something that both generations were opposed to on religious and philosophical grounds, or have their newest member of the family be taken in a doctor-sanctioned kidnapping. They saw it as nothing less than vaccine blackmail.

Aliea Bidwell birthed her firstborn child naturally. Aaron was born on Friday morning, March 14, at 9:26 am, weighing 7 lbs, 11 oz. His Apgar scores were 9 and 9, at one and five minutes respectively – the picture of health. He was successfully breastfeeding within the first hour after birth. Grandparents Vesta and Ralph Bidwell were present with the happy new family and celebrated the arrival of their first grandchild.

Hepatitis B is relatively uncommon, and it is transmitted either sexually or through re-use of needles. The groups at risk are sexually promiscuous adults, males who have had sex with males, and IV drug users.

The parents testify that they have never been engaged in any of the practices that would put them at risk, indicating a need for the vaccine. They told The Inquisitr that they are in a mutually monogamous relationship, their first, and have both been tested previously. Ralph, father of Aliea’s tight-knit family, assured the doctor that his daughter was not at risk.

Three times Dr. Bierd came in threatening the family. By the second time, Ben and Aliea were in their hospital room with an additional 12 family members, including great-grandparents, aunts, uncles, and nephews. With a united front of 14 members of the extended family present, Dr. Terry Bierd came into the room and repeated her threats to allow the vaccine or they would take the baby. The entire family saw it as blackmail.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32696,"[1]

by Nidhi Prakash [2]

The key to alleviating world hunger, poverty and combating climate change [3] may lie in fresh, small-scale approaches to agriculture, according to a report from the Worldwatch Institute [4].

The US-based institute’s annual State of the World report [5], published yesterday, calls for a move away from industrial agriculture and discusses small-scale initiatives in sub-Saharan Africa that work towards poverty and hunger relief in an environmentally sustainable way.

The authors suggest that instead of producing more food [6] to meet the world’s growing population needs, a more effective way to address food security issues and climate change would be to encourage self-sufficiency and waste reduction, in wealthier and poorer nations alike.

“If we shift just some of our attention away from production to consumption issues and reducing food waste, we might actually get quite a big bang for our buck, because that ground has been neglected,” said Brian Halweil, co-director of the project.

“The majority of incentives that governments give to farmers are still tied to the production mindset. The farmers are rewarded for sheer production quantity, with very little guidance for the quality they produce and the impact of their farming [7] practices on the environment and on human health and nutrition … It is necessary to change these incentives,” he said.

The projects explored in the report include community-based initiatives in urban farming, school gardening and feeding programmes, and indigenous livestock preservation.

In Kenya’s largest slum, in Nairobi, local women are growing vertical gardens in sacks, providing them with a source of income but also an element of food security for their families.

“They sell their produce and also consume part of what they grow,” said Danielle Nierenberg, Halweil’s co-director.

“As we talk about all these innovations, it’s important to remember that farmers aren’t just farmers: they’re businesswomen and -men, they’re stewards of their land and they’re educators passing on their knowledge to others in their communities,” she said.

In another programme in Uganda, Developing Innovations in School Cultivation (Disc), children are being taught about nutrition, food preparation and growing local vegetables. Pilot programmes are also being run in Mali and Sudan to feed children in schools and educate them on food production and consumption.

Anna Lappé, the author of a chapter in the report entitled Coping with Climate Change and Building Resilience, said: “We have really emphasised a set of policies over the past half a century that have prioritised an agricultural system that is incredibly fuel-intensive and emissions-based.”

Emma Hockridge, head of policy at the UK Soil Association, said the report supports the case for the expansion of organic farming.

“Organic farming systems benefit biodiversity, are resilient in the face of climate change, and have been shown to improve yields and the ability of poor communities in the global south to feed themselves,” she said.

Although Halweil says national governments should lead the way in implementing change, the report suggests that international attitudes towards agricultural development need to shift if the lessons from these case studies are to bring about results on a larger scale.

“I think the African Union is a natural starting point, an organising body for all these initiatives, to share between members the experience in these initiatives, but also in setting themselves goals,” said Halweil.

He suggests that international aid policies on food need an overhaul to better serve the long-term interests of those on the ground.

“Food aid is a short-term fix, a Band-Aid rather than an opportunity to infuse money into the local economy and an incentive to process and distribute food locally,” he said.

Article link: http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2011/jan/13/world-hunger-small-scale-agriculture [2]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32709,"Agriculture has undergone massive changes over the past several decades. Many of them were heralded as progress that would save us from hunger and despair. Yet today, we're faced with a new set of problems, birthed from the very innovations and interventions that were meant to provide us with safety and prosperity. For decades, food production has been all about efficiency and lowering cost. We now see what this approach has brought us — skyrocketing disease statistics and a faltering ecosystem. Fortunately, we already know what needs to be done. It's just a matter of implementing the answers on a wider scale. We need farmers to shift over to regenerative practices that stops depleting our soil and fresh water supplies. Frustratingly, farmers are often held back from making much needed changes by government subsidy programs that favor monocropping and crop insurance rules that dissuade regenerative farming practices.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33067,"Retired lawyer Marvin Siegel of Boxford, Massachusetts, has lived an isolated and heavily-medicated existence, against his will and wishes, after court proceedings in August in 2011 resulted in his being placed under a court-appointed guardianship and conservatorship that his family considers to be unlawful. His meticulous estate planning has been eviscerated, and millions of dollars continue to be plundered from the 88-year-old’s estate. He is being held prisoner in his own home, under medical providers that his daughter has termed ""24/7 guards."" Meanwhile, his daughters Attorney Lisa Siegel Belanger and Devora Kaiser tirelessly advocate for him in the court system, despite those who are working vigorously to shut them out of their father’s life. At this point, those in charge of Mr. Siegel’s estate have drained half of the retired attorney’s approximate nine-million-dollar estate deceptively and fraudulently, according to Lisa. Further, as Lisa began to research her father’s case, she uncovered a network of corruption within the family and probate court system of Essex County, where the case is, as well as in other Massachusetts counties. The daughters’ court documents allege fraud, embezzlement, and money laundering, involving 40 litigants in the Siegel case alone. Lisa states that the medical kidnapping and plundering of senior citizens' estates is common, as they target poor and rich alike: ""The scary part of it is that this is not an isolated incident. This is business as usual. It is a pattern of isolate. Medicate. Liquidate. It doesn’t matter the amount of a person’s estate, even if a person has virtually nothing to their name. The fact that an elder is receiving some sort of government benefit that automatically brings you into their clutches. People don’t realize that it affects basically everyone.""",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1710,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Forty percent of women today are obese. Many believe obesity is a precursor to diabetes, which if not reversed will lead to further health complications, and even be life threatening.

However, a recent study looking at the effects of coconut oil on glycemia and inflammation demonstrated that obesity alone may not be the culprit.

What the researchers discovered indicates that inflammation has a greater impact on insulin resistance and high blood sugar than excess fat. This could be argued, since adipose fats do release toxins over time that do create inflammation. But there are diabetes 2 patients who are not obese.

Obesity in women has also been considered a factor in infertility, which this study also attempted to determine. Inadvertently, the study’s findings disclosed even more about the health protective qualities of coconut oil.

The Study: Effects of coconut oil on glycemia, inflammation, and urogenital microbial parameters in female Ossabaw mini-pigs

This study involved female Ossabaw miniature pigs. Unlike their larger cousins, Ossabaw miniature pigs have an average length of 14 – 20 inches and weigh 25 – 90 pounds. They were chosen over mice or rats because female Ossabaw mini-pigs could pose as metabolic animals model that could be understood if bacterial vaginosis (BV) were present.

Bacterial vagonis (BV) in human women is associated with an imbalance in their gut microbiome, which may lead to infertility and help determine the balance of good and bad bacteria within the intestines, which also lead to inflammatory conditions.

Using miniature pigs as feed models for female human obesity and reproductive issues has been done before because they more closely represent those female human characteristics than mice or rats. Analyzing markers resulting from different dietary sources while attempting to measure microbial gut flora content and balance with these pigs was a “thrifty” (their word) metabolic phenotype model for these researchers.

Two of the pigs were fed standard agricultural low calorie lean feeds and three of the obese pigs were fed high calorie fat diets comprised of high fructose, hydrogenated oils, and saturated fats, including coconut oil (an important factor) with more than twice the amount of calories than the lean diet.

The three pig high fat diet (HFD) started at the three month period of this six month study. Various measurements were taken regularly, including microbial analysis from vaginal swabs. Initially, the researchers fully expected to confirm the hypothesis that obesity alone determined the inflammation leading to diabetic conditions. Excerpt from the study:

We investigated whether obesity induced by an excess calorie, high fat diet containing hydrogenated fats, fructose, and coconut oil (HFD) altered glucose homeostasis, peripheral immunity, and urogenital microbial dynamics. We hypothesized that HFD would cause hyperglycemia, increase peripheral inflammation, and alter urogenital microbiota to favor bacterial taxonomy associated with inflammation.

But that is not what happened, thanks to the coconut oil used. The HFD produced less markers of inflammation with more inflammatory markers even as those fed the HFD were indeed obese. Again, from the study:

In conclusion, when fed an excess-calorie, high-fat/cholesterol/fructose diet rich in coconut oil, female Ossabaw pigs developed obesity but were normoglycemic, demonstrated decreased markers of inflammation, and had greater bacterial diversity in the urogenital tracts than lean pigs. Obesity has been implicated as a major cause of type II diabetes and infertility. However, our results indicate that obesity alone may not be solely responsible for these pathologies. (Emphasis added)

But here’s what the researchers wound up re-discovering about coconut oil, which helped them determine that obesity alone is not responsible for infertility and diabetes 2 precursors among women:

Coconut oil contains medium-chain fatty acids and has been shown to have anti-inflammatory properties, including the ability to decrease pro-inflammatory cytokines in vivo [58, 59]. Additionally, several studies have described the effects of coconut oil on methanogenesis [bacterial methane production] in rumen [stomach] fermentation, and also on volatile fatty acid production by bacterial species within the rumen [60, 61]. It has also been shown that supplementation of coconut oil in the diet increases overall bacterial counts in the rumen [60]. More interesting, perhaps, are the antimicrobial properties of lauric acid, which is present in high amounts in coconut oil. Wang et al. described how the antimicrobial properties of lauric acid inhibited several pathogenic bacterial species such as Listeria monocytogenes [62]. Based on our results, we postulate that coconut oil in the high fat diet might modulate the peripheral immune system, possibly through regulation of microbial community dynamics. (Emphasis and brackets added)

The entire study text can be accessed here.

The take-away from this study for us lay folks concerned about health and diet is simple. Coconut oil is protective against inflammation even if it’s added to an unhealthy diet of convenience, such as the standard American diet or SAD.

Of course this statement doesn’t serve to advocate simply throwing coconut oil onto a “convenient” recklessly poor SAD diet. It serves as a scientific observation of its [coconut oil’s] power.

Eliminating processed carbohydrates and high fructose corn syrup while using coconut oil should create a strong foundation for better health and immunity from one’s diet.

Source

http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0179542

Comment on this article at CoconutOil.com.

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24040,"Psychiatrist said dad ‘unfit’ for refusing to take son to McDonald’s

A defamation lawsuit in New York alleges a court-appointed psychiatrist told a judge a man who refused to take his son to McDonald’s was an unfit parent.

David Schorr, 43, a Manhattan attorney, filed a lawsuit in city Supreme Court alleging court-appointed psychiatrist Marilyn Schiller filed a report in his custody battle saying he was “wholly incapable of taking care of his son” and should be denied weekend visitation rights for refusing to take his 4-year-old son to the fast-food restaurant.

Schorr said he told the boy they could go to any restaurant other than McDonald’s, but if his son would not consent to another restaurant, there would be no dinner.

Read the Full Article Here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
824,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

Last year we saw an increase in healthcare facilities requiring nurses and other healthcare workers to receive mandatory flu vaccinations as a requirement for employment. We learned that new mandates for mandatory flu vaccinations of healthcare workers was tied into new requirements for Obamacare. Failure to meet certain percentages of a healthcare facility’s employees as vaccinated for influenza jeopardized their federal reimbursement of Medicare and Medicaid funds.

As a result, many of our nation’s top nurses who are opposed to vaccinations lost their jobs, and many more face losing their jobs this year as well. Here are some of the stories we reported on last year:

TriHealth fires 150 employees in Cincinnati for not getting flu shots

More Nurses Refuse Flu Vaccine and Lose Their Jobs – Will only pro-vaccine people soon work at hospitals?

Brave Nurses Lose Jobs to Stand on Principle and Refuse Forced Vaccinations

Another Healthcare Worker Tells Her Story of Losing Her Job of 17 Years for Refusing Flu Vaccination

Now, a recent meta-analysis study just published this month by the CDC reveals that flu vaccinations among healthcare workers offer no evidence of protection to the patients under their care! Predictably, the CDC still recommends flu shots for healthcare workers because “It’s the best intervention we currently have, so we need to keep using it while working toward a better flu vaccine.”

So in other words, mandatory flu vaccinations of healthcare workers will continue, in spite of the lack of evidence that they work to protect patients.

Here are some excerpts from the study as published by the Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy at the University of Minnesota:

Analysis finds limited evidence for HCW flu vaccination

Hospitals and public health officials strongly promote healthcare worker (HCW) flu vaccination as a step to protect patients, but a new analysis found that evidence for a benefit isn’t as strong as previously thought.

And influenza experts who commented on the analysis pointed out that, for specific outcomes such as lab-confirmed influenza, the data showed little evidence of protection for patients.

The meta-analysis, by researchers from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), appeared in an early online edition of Clinical Infectious Diseases. They focused on four randomized controlled trials and four observational studies from long-term facilities or hospitals. They pooled the results and assigned grades to the quality of the evidence.

An increasing number of health systems require staff to receive flu shots or else wear a mask during flu season, but the efforts have been met with pushback from some medical worker groups. Employee groups support flu vaccination and other measures to control the spread of flu, but many say workers should have the right to opt out for health, religious, or personal reasons.

In addition, the science behind flu vaccination mandates has been a topic of recent debate. In November 2012, an editorial in a Canadian medical journal calling for mandatory flu shots in HCWs prompted a quick response from researchers who questioned the evidence cited in the piece.

The new CDC analysis of HCW flu vaccination is part of an overall trend toward evidence-based public health recommendations and parallels recent new scrutiny on the efficacy of the flu vaccine itself.

In an editorial published alongside the study, Marie Griffin, MD, MPH, professor of preventive medicine at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine… pointed out that, after the researchers submitted their study, a Cochrane group updated its meta-analysis on the topic, using three of the same studies and focusing on more specific outcomes, such as lab-confirmed flu. The Cochrane analysis found no evidence to support compulsory vaccination of HCW, she wrote.

Nick Kelley, PhD, research associate for the University of Minnesota’s Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP), said that the new analysis provides a more robust look at HCW flu immunization studies than earlier reviews and includes observational studies that weren’t available at the time.

For outcomes that matter the most—lab-confirmed flu and flu hospitalizations—the two meta-analyses (the CDC’s and Cochrane’s) both find low or very low levels of evidence, he said. “We simply don’t have good evidence that vaccination of healthcare personnel prevents influenza transmission to patients,” Kelley said.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2013/09/analysis-finds-limited-evidence-hcw-flu-vaccination

See Also:

Flu and Flu Vaccines:

What’s Coming Through That Needle – DVD

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33026,"by Julia Szabo

dogster

With more and more Americans appreciating the fantastic flavor and health benefits of coconut oil…. I always have enough to share with my beloved five-pack of dogs!

My K9s get a loving spoonful of the stuff at every meal – a teaspoonful, to be precise, straight from the bottle – and I do all my cooking with it (coconut oil makes the best-ever stir-fries). I even give a bottle to my neighborhood falafel place; trust me, chickpea balls are out of this world when they’re bathed in hot coconut oil.

Fed regularly to pets, coconut oil can have many health benefits – for their skin, digestive and immune systems, metabolic function, even their bone and brain health! Here are the top 10 reasons to add coconut oil to your dog’s diet:

1. Coconut oil improves overall skin health, and clears up skin conditions such as eczema, flea allegies, contact dermatitis, and itchy skin.

2. Incredibly emollient, coconut oil helps moisturize the dryest K9 skin and makes a dog’s coat gleam with health – whether you add it to her diet, her shampoo, or both!

3. Applied topically to the skin, coconut oil promotes the healing of cuts, wounds, hot spots, bites, and stings.

4. The antibacterial and antifungal properties of coconut oil help reduce doggy odor, and its pleasantly tropical aroma imparts a delightful scent to a dog’s skin and coat.

5. Coconut oil prevents and treats yeast infections, including candida. Its antiviral agents also help dogs recover quickly from kennel cough.

6. Digestion and nutrient absorption are improved by the addition of coconut oil to a dog’s diet. It can, however, cause stool to loosen; if that happens, just add a few spoonfuls of canned pumpkin to your dog’s diet (go here [1] for more stool-firming tips).

7. Coconut oil reduces – and sometimes eliminates – doggy breath. Some dog lovers even brush their pets’ teeth with the stuff! Which makes sense, as dogs love the taste of coconut oil, and that makes the chore less arduous for brusher and brushee.

8. Like cinnamon [2], coconut oil helps prevent diabetes by regulating and balancing insulin. It also promotes normal thyroid function, and helps prevent infection and heart disease.

9. Helping to reduce weight and increase energy, coconut oil also promotes mobility in dogs with arthritis and other joint issues.

10. Again like cinnamon, coconut oil is excellent for brain health; it’s being used to stave off dementia in humans, and it’s a must to keep senior dogs’ minds from becoming cloudy.

Read the Full Article Here: http://blogs.dogster.com/living-with-dogs/ten-reasons-to-add-coconut-oil-to-your-dogs-diet/2011/07/ [3]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32857,"By Dr. Mercola [1]

Do Antibiotics in Animal Feed Pose a Serious Risk to Human Health?

In countries such as Denmark, antibiotics are used only sparingly on farms, to treat animals that are sick – a novel concept in the US, where antibiotics are used to prevent disease in healthy animals (the farmers simply ‘assume’ the animals are going to get sick otherwise, given their deplorable living conditions).

In the US, animals raised in concentrated animal feeding operations (CAFOs) are also continuously given low-dose antibiotics in their feed because it makes the animals get bigger, faster.

In other parts of the world, such as the European Union, the use of antibiotics as growth promoters in animal feed has been banned for years, yet in the US this is still a topic of debate, with industry supporters trying to downplay the inevitable fact that this irresponsible use of antibiotics is most likely posing a serious risk to human health and the environment.

Debate Rages on Over Agricultural Antibiotics Use

Writing in the British Medical Journal (BMJ), David Wallinga, MD, Senior Advisor in Science, Food and Health with the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy argues that the routine addition of antibiotics to animal feed is not a necessary component for animal feed and is contributing to a coming ‘catastrophe’ of antibiotic resistance.

“Enforceable measures to reduce this overuse must be core to any effort to avert the coming catastrophe. Because meat production is global in nature, these measures must be implemented nationally and supranationally,” Wallinga wrote. He explained that, “based on a growing body of evidence, almost every European and North American public health authority agrees that routine antibiotic use in animal food production likely worsens the epidemic of resistance… Less certain is the political will to act upon that information.”Wallinga continued:

“You cannot dispute the warning of England’s chief medical officer, Sally Davies, that antibiotic resistance is one of modern health’s greatest threats. Also beyond dispute is her analysis of its causes—the lack of new drugs combined with massive overuse of existing antibiotics.”

In contrast, David Burch — who develops antibiotics for use in animal feed — wrote in BMJ that drugs used in agriculture are not those causing problems with resistance in humans, a stance that ignores the big picture. As veterinarian Gail Hansen told NPR:



“If you just look at — does this antibiotic, given to this animal, make this person sick, so we can’t treat them with that same antibiotic — that’s such a very narrow piece of this whole interconnected puzzle.”

Indeed, and this is a much bigger issue, even, than antibiotics simply being left behind in your meat. For instance, bacteria often share genes that make them resistant. In other words, the drug-resistant bacteria that contaminates your meat may pass on their resistant genes to other bacteria in your body, making you more likely to become sick.

Drug-resistant bacteria also accumulate in manure that is spread on fields and enters waterways, allowing the drug-resistant bacteria to spread far and wide and ultimately back up the food chain to us.

Are Antibiotics in Agriculture Feed Contributing to the Spread of MRSA?

Methicillin-Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (MRSA) infections are on the rise, and have become increasingly deadly as well because it has become resistant to the broad-spectrum antibiotics commonly used to treat it, such as methicillin, oxacillin, penicillin and amoxicillin.

This “super bug” is constantly adapting, and while it was first confined to hospital settings (or those who had recently spent time in a hospital or other health care setting), it’s now becoming increasingly common in people who have picked it up in schools, locker rooms, gyms or other community settings.

A third variety of MRSA has also evolved among livestock animals, and there is increasing concern that this strain could begin to infect humans all over the globe.

According to Burch, the use of antibiotics in animal feed is not associated with an increase in MRSA, but it’s unclear how this assumption can be made since MRSA was first discovered in pigs and pig-farm workers in the Netherlands in 2004. Since then, this livestock MRSA strain has spread across Europe, Canada and the United States, causing both mild and life-threatening infections.

Earlier this year, research was also published showing that CAFO workers were found to be carrying pig MRSA, and that farmers at pig farms that use antibiotics are more likely to contract MRSA from the pigs than workers at antibiotic-free farms. As written in PLOS One:



“Despite similar S. aureus and MRSA prevalence among ILO [industrial livestock operation] and AFLO [antibiotic-free livestock operation]-exposed individuals, livestock-associated MRSA and MDRSA (tetracycline-resistant, CC398, scn-negative) were only present among ILO-exposed individuals. These findings support growing concern about antibiotics use and confinement in livestock production, raising questions about the potential for occupational exposure to an opportunistic and drug-resistant pathogen, which in other settings including hospitals and the community is of broad public health importance.”

80 Percent of US Antibiotics Use Is for Agricultural Purposes

The US uses nearly 30 million pounds of antibiotics annually in food production. Livestock antibiotic use accounts for 80 percent of the total antibiotics sold in the US. Compare this to the 6 million pounds of antibiotics that are used for every man, woman and child in the US combined. CAFOs, in particular, are hotbeds for breeding antibiotic-resistant bacteria because of the continuous feeding of low doses of antibiotics to the animals, which allows pathogens to survive, adapt, and eventually, thrive.

The European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control (ECDC) ruled that antibiotic resistance is a major threat to public health, worldwide, and the primary cause for this man-made epidemic is the widespread misuse of antibiotics.



Unfortunately, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has continually fallen short in this regard. Instead of enforcing stricter regulations, the agency has simply asked food producers to voluntarily limit their use of certain antibiotics. In fact, on December 22, 2011, the agency quietly posted a notice in the Federal Register that it was effectively reneging on its plan to reduce the use of antibiotics in agricultural animal feed – a plan it has been touting since 1977!

Reductions in Agricultural Antibiotics Proven to Reduce Antibiotic-Resistant Bacteria

Measures to curb the rampant overuse of agricultural antibiotics could have a major impact in the US, as evidenced by actions taken in other countries. For example, Denmark [2] stopped the widespread use of antibiotics in their pork industry 14 years ago. The European Union has also banned the routine use of antibiotics in animal feed over concerns of antibiotic-resistant bacteria.

After Denmark implemented the antibiotic ban, it was later confirmed the country had drastically reduced antibiotic-resistant bacteria in their animals and food. Furthermore, the Danish ‘experiment’ proved that removing antibiotics doesn’t have to hurt the industry’s bottom line. In the first 12 years of the ban, the Danish pork industry grew by 43 percent — making it one of the top exporters of pork in the world. But the American Pork Industry doesn’t want to curb antibiotic use, as this would mean raising the cost of producing pork by an estimated $$5 for every 100 pounds of pork brought to market…

Help Change the System by Boycotting CAFO Meats and Signing This Petition

You can help yourself and your community by using antibiotics only when absolutely necessary and by purchasing organic, antibiotic-free meats and other foods from local farmers – not CAFOs. Even though the problem of antibiotic resistance needs to be stemmed through public policy on a nationwide level, the more people who get involved on a personal level to stop unnecessary antibiotic use the better.

If you live in the US and want to get involved on a national level, Food Democracy Now! has created a petition against the overuse of antibiotics in livestock production [3].8 [4] If you care about this issue, I suggest you use this petition to make your voice heard.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2013/07/30/animal-feed-antibiotics.aspx [1]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24705,"By Dr. John Briffa

The EpochTimes

It is easy to believe that fat is fattening. Compared to carbohydrate or protein, fat is rich in calories. However, the evidence does not link eating fat with obesity.

Eating low-fat diets is quite ineffective for weight loss. The evidence suggests that fat is not fattening. Understanding how this […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32860,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor Comments

Earlier this year Health Impact News reported how the British General Medical Council (GMC) erased Dr. Waney Squier’s name from the medical register, effectively removing her license to practice medicine and ending her medical career. See:

Known as the UK’s leading scientist in the field of pediatric neuropathology and having worked as a consultant at the John Radcliffe Hospital for 32 years, Dr. Squier’s crime was that she found the medical diagnosis of “Shaken Baby Syndrome” (SBS) to be “rubbish” and without scientific merit.

The diagnosis of SBS has been used in many courts to convict innocent parents of abusing their children by shaking them, and many of these convictions are now being overturned in the United States. See:

Dr. Squier’s Unprecedented Support by Colleagues and Peers

According to the BBC [4], over 350 doctors, scientists and lawyers questioning the decision to remove her medical license have written a letter of support to the British Medical Journal.

Her supporters believe it is unprecedented to have so many distinguished scientists writing to the BMJ in support of a struck-off doctor. Signatories include Prof Peter Fleming, the doctor who cut cot deaths; Sir Iain Chalmers, the pioneer of evidence-based medicine; and Prof Liliane Boccon-Gibod, an internationally renowned paediatric pathologist. (Source [4].)

Other Doctors Skeptical of SBS Now Afraid to Testify

Dr. Squier is not the only British doctor who is skeptical of the science behind SBS, but after what happened to Dr. Squier, they are no longer testifying in SBS cases.

The three British pathologists who are openly critical of shaken baby syndrome no longer give evidence in court. Pathologist Dr. Waney Squier can’t give evidence because she was struck off seven months ago after a General Medical Council (GMC) panel called her evidence “dishonest” and “deliberately misleading.” Her appeal against the decision begins on Monday. Her two most high-profile fellow sceptics, Dr. Irene Scheimberg and Dr. Marta Cohen, also no longer give evidence in such cases in the criminal and family courts. Asked why she doesn’t give evidence in shaken baby syndrome cases any more, Dr. Scheimberg told BBC Newsnight: “Because I’m afraid of the possible consequences.” (Source [4].)

Dr. Squier’s appeal to be put back on the register and be allowed to practice medicine again started this week.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com. [5]

Support the cause of Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

[6]

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here! [6]

[7]

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here! [6]

Also available as eBook:

[8]

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24038,"Image courtesy Citizens Commissin on Human Rights

Navy Yard shooter was on Antidepressant Trazodone—How many more drug induced shootings until lawmakers wake up?

By Kelly Patricia O’Meara

The Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR)

It took less than 48 hours to learn that Washington Navy Yard shooter, Aaron Alexis, is another in a long line of psychiatric drug-induced perpetrators.

The New York Times has reported that while in Providence Rhode Island on August 23, 2013, and again, five days later, in Washington, D.C., Alexis had been prescribed Trazodone, an antidepressant that carries an FDA black box warning for suicide, and is documented to cause mania and violent behavior.

Now, twelve innocent people (plus the shooter) are dead at the Washington Navy Yard. Yes, these senseless deaths are sad, tragic, and incomprehensible. And it is time to point the finger at those who are responsible.

Because lawmakers, both at the state and federal level, refuse to address the enormous amount of information revealing the connection between violence and prescription psychiatric drugs, mass shootings, like the massacre which occurred at the Washington Navy Yard, will continue.

Despite 22 international drug regulatory warnings on psychiatric drugs citing effects of mania, hostility, violence and even homicidal ideation, and dozens of high profile shootings/killings tied to psychiatric drug use, there has yet to be a federal investigation on the link between psychiatric drugs and acts of senseless violence.

Seriously, how many mass shootings have to occur by shooters with a psychiatric drug history before those who have the power to make a difference finally take the necessary action to protect the American people?

The list of shooters receiving psychiatric care and psychiatric drug use is long. In just a little over a year there have been three such mass shootings, including Aurora, Co., Newtown, Ct., and now the Washington Navy Yard, totaling 52 dead and 69 injured. In each case, as in dozens of other mass shootings, the common denominator is that the shooters were either receiving psychiatric care, taking mind altering psychiatric drugs or both.

While law enforcement fumbles around trying to figure out a motive, it may behoove them to look at Alexis’ psychiatric history and, specifically, his complete psychiatric drug “treatment” record. This information is imperative and yet, it is astounding that more often than not, obtaining the psychiatric drug information of the shooters is withheld from the public for months and years.

A perfect example of this is the lawsuit that has been filed in Connecticut to force the state’s Medical Examiner to release the psychiatric history and psychiatric drug data regarding gunman, Adam Lanza.

The same difficulties occurred with Aurora, Co., shooter, James Holmes, who also was under psychiatric care, and although police recovered antidepressants from his apartment, the media barely mentioned it and legislators ignored pursing the role these drugs may have played in yet another mass shooting tied to psychiatric drug use.

People are dying needlessly. This information isn’t a state secret. The proverbial cat has been out of the bag for years about the connection between psychiatric drugs and violence. Even the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) gets it, and acknowledges that psychiatric drugs can cause both suicide and violence.

Ironically, even the military has finally begun to address the over-prescription of psychiatric drugs because of the epidemic of military suicides. Unfortunately, a recent study, conducted for the Department of Defense, DoD, looked at dozens of factors that may contribute to the military suicides but, believe it or not, failed to even mention psychiatric drug use, which according to DoD’s own data, is increasing yearly.

These are not benign drugs. They alter the mind. The FDA’s MedWatch system reveals that between 2004-2012, there were 14,656 reports of psychiatric drugs causing violent side effects—1,415 cases of homicidal ideation/homicide, 3,287 cases of mania & 8,219 cases of aggression. The FDA admits that less than 1% of all serious events are ever reported to it, so the actual number of side effects occurring are most certainly higher.

This isn’t guess work. It is documented. At least 31 school shootings and/or school-related acts of violence have been committed by those taking or withdrawing from psychiatric drugs, resulting in 162 wounded and 72 killed.

Mania, hostility, violence, suicidal ideation and even homicidal ideation are adverse effects of psychiatric drugs. Twenty-two international drug regulatory warnings have been issued for psychiatric drugs.

What part of these national and international warnings, the FDA’s Black Box Warnings and the lengthy list of shooters (including Alexis) with psychiatric drug use, don’t lawmakers understand? How many more innocent people have to die because lawmakers lacked the courage to explore the possibility of a connection between psychiatric drugs and violence?

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.cchrint.org/2013/09/18/navy-yard-shooter-was-on-antidepressant-trazodone/

Kelly Patricia O’Meara is an award winning former investigative reporter for the Washington Times, Insight Magazine, penning dozens of articles exposing the fraud of psychiatric diagnosis and the dangers of the psychiatric drugs – including her ground-breaking 1999 cover story, Guns & Doses, exposing the link between psychiatric drugs and acts of senseless violence. She is also the author of the highly acclaimed book, Psyched Out: How Psychiatry Sells Mental Illness and Pushes Pills that Kill. Prior to working as an investigative journalist, O’Meara spent sixteen years on Capitol Hill as a congressional staffer to four Members of Congress. She holds a B.S. in Political Science from the University of Maryland.

by Peter Breggin, M.D.

The Citizens Commission on Human Rights (CCHR)

This brief analysis is offered in response to information that the Navy Yard mass murderer, Aaron Alexis, was taking the antidepressant trazodone. Alexis was reportedly started on trazodone for sleep on August 23, 2013 at the Veterans Administration (VA) clinic in Providence and refilled on August 28 at the VA in Washington, DC. Twenty days later, on September 16, he committed the violent assaults. Severe adverse drug reactions such as suicide and violence typically occur in this relatively short time span after starting an antidepressant. Individuals with a known history of violence like Alexis are at even higher risk of being driven to more extreme violence by exposure to antidepressant drugs.

Antidepressants can cause a broad range of stimulating amphetamine-like adverse drug effects that will then cause or contribute to violence. The official FDA-approved label for trazodone lists the following stimulating effects: “anxiety, agitation, panic attacks, insomnia, irritability, hostility, aggressiveness, impulsivity, akathisia (psychomotor restlessness), hypomania and mania.”

Although commonly used as a sleeping pill, trazodone nonetheless can be very stimulating for some patients. It has higher reported rates than other antidepressants such as paroxetine (Paxil) and sertraline (Zoloft) for causing anxiety, nervousness, excitement, and hypomania, which are risk factors for causing violence. Trazodone blocks the removal of serotonin from the synapse in the same manner as the SSRIs (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) like Prozac (fluoxetine), Paxil and Zoloft; and therefore has similar dangerous effects.

The trazodone Medication Guide, found toward the back of the FDA-approved label, warns about patients “acting aggressive, being angry or violent.” It also warns about “Acting on dangerous impulses” while taking trazodone.

With the caveat that new information will continue to come forth about Aaron Alexis’ life, as well the caveat that I have no access to his medical records—trazodone must be weighed and considered as a possible if not probable cause or contributing factor to worsening Alexis’ violence tendencies and pushing him over into a murderous rampage.

Read the full article here: http://www.cchrint.org/2013/09/19/statement-by-psychiatrist-peter-breggin-on-navy-yard-mass-murderer-aaron-alexis-taking-the-antidepressant-trazodone/

Sources:

Medication history taken from the New York Times (toward the end of the article): http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/18/us/washington-navy-yard-shootings.html?pagewanted=all&_r=0

The FDA-Approved Label (also called Complete Prescribing Information) for trazodone can be obtained on the Internet at Drugs.Com, FDA.gov, or other sources.

For scientific details and case studies concerning medication-induced violence, see Peter R. Breggin, MD. Medication Madness: The Role of Psychiatric Drugs in Cases of Violence, Suicide and Crime. New York: St. Martin’s Press, 2008.

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

Free Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33191,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Opioid painkiller addiction is the fastest growing drug addiction in the United States today, and it was recently featured on the popular Dr. Oz TV show. Dr. Oz pointed out the astonishing statistics that 48 million Americans, one out of every 5, have reported that they have abused prescription drugs. 12 states have more opioid pain pill prescriptions than people. In states where marijuana is legal, however, opioid prescriptions are declining.

Dr. Oz looks at the question: Is marijuana the new gateway drug OUT of opioid addiction?

Many health practitioners are aware of the current epidemic of opioid addiction from prescribed painkiller drugs. The most popular opioid painkillers prescribed are Oxycontin, Percodan, and Percocet. Of course there are other painkillers in the oxycodone category as well.

All opioids are opiates, derived from the eighty percent (80%) of heroin addicts who were once prescribed opioid drugs for legitimate pain concerns. In the UK, heroin is actually prescribed as a painkiller. Ironically, the synthetic opioid methadone is used to replace heroin among most addicts. It is also prescribed as a painkiller.

Morphine is an opioid painkiller with the longest history of prescription. It is often prescribed for cancer patients in pain. It can actually shut down organ function. Maybe that’s why it is usually prescribed for terminal cancer patients in hospice.

The Cycle of Addiction to Death from Prescribed Pain Killers

These are the often prescribed drugs that are the foundation of the opioid addiction epidemic. What happens often is a patient is prescribed an opioid pharmaceutical for legitimate pain. After some use, the addiction sets in, a person feels sick if he quits or his prescription is no longer filled because the physician observes the problem creating pain is healed.

But the patient has become so addicted he or she feels there is no way to handle daily living without them. Even while using opioids under doctors’ care, patients usually have to increase dosage in order to handle the same level of pain. As they increase dosages, their inability to do without increases and withdrawal symptoms make it difficult for most to stop.

Increased dosing leads to increased risk of death from overdosing, when opioid drugs cause breathing to halt or the heart to stop pumping. Opioids are the number one killer among prescribed pharmaceutical drugs. Prescribed opioid use has increased 400 percent since 1999, and the drug overdose death toll has increased accordingly.

This is the same phenomenon as heroine overdosing. As a matter of fact, many prescription opioid users who at first turn to opioids sold on the street without prescriptions become heroin users. Street heroin is cheaper than street Oxycontin, for example.

Cannabis: Gateway From Opioid Addiction

Currently, medical marijuana, historically considered the gateway drug to opioids such as heroin and other addictive narcotics, has come forth as a solution for the opioid epidemic. Using cannabis to kick opioid habits effectively and easily has been nicknamed “reefer rehab.”

Dr. Mehmed Oz spotlighted this recently (October 2016) in a Dr. Oz telecast. You can view it here. The focus was on a recovering methadone addict in an informal cannabis camp in Maine who had been hooked on legally prescribed methadone for 10 years.

Dr. Oz’s guest Krishna Andavalu visited a somewhat informal rehab camp using cannabis to follow that one person’s withdrawal from long term methadone use. Dr. Oz and Krishna Andavalu considered the camp an unofficial rehab center operating in a medical marijuana legal state.

Dr. Oz brought up several valid points regarding the inaccessibility of affordable treatment centers for opioid painkiller addicts, most of whom tend to be white middle class. But the fact is even the best rehab centers have a low rate of success and a high rate of recidivism after their few successes. But they make a lot of money, sort of like mainstream oncology’s efforts with cancer.

Doctors in Maine are at the Forefront of Cannabis for Pain and Opioid Withdrawal

Although any positive national exposure on cannabis medicine is welcome, the Oz show could have been a little less conservative from this author’s perspective. Instead, it focused on an informal setting that used cannabis to help addicts, successfully, and ignored the fact that Maine has several physicians and centers using cannabis in highly professional settings.

The doctor most involved with cannabis for kicking opioid addictions using reefer rehab is an osteopathic physician or D.O., Dr. David Sulak, who has been running two Integr8 Health Clinics in Maine and one in nearby Massachusetts. He was not even mentioned.

Dr. Sulak, D.O., and his associates have developed a successful protocol for using cannabis to help opioid addicts withdraw and even help eliminate the pain that had driven them to opioid painkillers. Their success rate is very high.

They also use cannabis for other medical conditions, even analyzing the various complex entourage effects of different strains in their labs to determine which strains work best for different medical maladies.

Dr. Sulak appears to be one of the nation’s leading cannabis doctors in general. He is involved with outreaching to other physicians in medical marijuana legal states and guiding them with successful cannabis applications to other health problems as well.

Dr. Sulak has produced a video of his lengthy live presentation reaching out to other medical practitioners in medical marijuana legal states, which can be accessed from this earlier Health Impact News article’s sources section.

During Dr. Sulak’s intermission, two heads of orthodox rehab centers appeared to confess and confirm the inadequacy of orthodox rehab counseling. They explained how the DEA’s refusal to change cannabis’ Schedule 1 rating has made it impossible for mainstream rehab centers to allow cannabis.

This was corroborated by Dr. Oz’s and Krishna Andavalu’s concern for changing national marijuana laws that would allow more research. Currently, orthodox rehab centers disqualify those who use cannabis to help them get through withdrawal in non-legal medical marijuana states.

Dr. Sulak was also one of medical cannabis experts consulted in the Holistic Cannabis Summit 2016 series promoted on this site. He definitely understands medical cannabis clinically more than most. (Source)

Dr. James Li, M.D., was an E.R. physician who now prescribes cannabis for pain. He also gave a lecture to practicing physicians in Portland, Maine earlier in 2014. Dr. Li showed slides of how cannabis is more effective than opioids or opiates (both the same) for chronic neurological pain among diabetics and MS patients, rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients, and AIDS patients.

These slides were from actual double blind randomized placebo control trials conducted globally in recent years. He also showed figures from various addiction center heads who rated cannabis the least addictive with less dependency issues among other compounds, which included opioids, alcohol, nicotine, and caffeine.

Another issue Dr. Li addressed was a study that demonstrated cannabis did not require higher dosing even after two years of using it for chronic pain. Opioids and opiate derived painkillers require increased dosages even after a few months, unless used with cannabis. Cannabis increases opioid efficacy without increasing its dosage.

Therein lies the risk of dying from overdosing, which occurs at the rate of one every half-hour nationally. The highly publicized death of musical performer and songwriter Prince was one of them. Even the CDC reports 78 die from opioid overdosing daily in America, of which half are from prescribed painkillers. (Source)

Dr. Li also mentioned that the FDA considers opioids risky and not evidence based for reducing pain, which begs the question why has the FDA approved them for the DEA to consider them of medical use while it refuses to approve cannabis unless it is a synthetically isolated pharmaceutical?

It’s interesting to note another fact from both Maine cannabis doctors: double blind placebo control testing for opioids usually have high dropout rates due to intolerable side effects. Among those tested with cannabis or cannabis extracts, there were no dropouts due to adverse side effects.

Here’s a Colorado pain patient’s personal testimony interview:

As for functionality in the work-a-day world using cannabis for chronic pain, an earlier Health Impact report on a Florida stock broker and medical marijuana activist demonstrates the feasibility of functioning well in the every day world using cannabis for chronic pain relief. (Source)",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24708,"Mayonnaise is very easy to make once you know what you’re supposed to be doing. If you don’t, then most likely you’ll just end up with an oily mess. If you’ve never made mayonnaise before but want to, then read on. Even if you don’t want to you should still read on. Homemade mayo tastes so much better than store bought, and it is much healthier because there are no trans-fats. In our video we use organic Virgin Coconut Oil, and organic Extra Virgin Olive Oil. Try finding a mayo like that in the stores!

The key to a successful batch of mayo is the oils. Actually, patience is the real key here. The adding-the-oils process can take up to five minutes, so be prepared. Your arm may get tired. Don’t say I didn’t warn you.

After placing the first six ingredients in the blender, blend it very briefly. All you want to do is mix the stuff together, so don’t overdo it. Next, pour the two oils together into a liquid measuring cup with a spout and with the blender running on a low speed, start adding the oils into the blender in drops. Shall I emphasize that? Seriously, it needs to be drops. Tiny drops.

After about a minute or so, gradually start working the oils up to a stream. Again, a TINY stream. Like the size of a needle. And it needs to be steady. Not a stop-and-go type of stream. Just a tiny, steady, stream. Once you’ve worked up to a stream you can increase the blender speed to about medium. You be the judge.

When you’ve got only about 1/4 of a cup left you can increase the stream just a bit, but never, ever just dump the oil in. If you add the oils too quickly the mayo will turn into a curdled, oily mixture instead of whipping up into a thick, creamy spread. And it’ll stay that way. You won’t be able to save it.

You can use any type of mustard you like for this recipe. The classic is Dijon. Same thing for the pepper. Any type you like. White pepper is the one to go to if you don’t want black specks in your mayo but go ahead with the black if you don’t mind the looks so much.

So that’s that! Making your own mayonnaise is really very easy. Just be patient with adding the oils and it’ll turn out perfect. Be sure to watch the video for a step by step tutorial.

Sarah

Coconut Mayonnaise

Servings: 1 1/2 cups

Preparation Time: 5 minutes

1 whole egg

2 egg yolks

1 tablespoon mustard

1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice

1/2 teaspoon salt

1/4 teaspoon pepper

1/2 cup Virgin Coconut Oil (melted if solid)

1/2 cup virgin olive oil

Place the eggs, mustard, lemon juice, salt, and pepper into a food processor or blender. Blend briefly for a few seconds.

With the processor or blender running on low speed, start adding your oils very slowly. Start out with drops and then work up to about a 1/16-inch stream. This will take a few minutes.

Continue blending until all the oil is used up and there is no free standing oil.

Full Recipe Here: http://www.freecoconutrecipes.com/index.cfm/2010/1/19/coconut-mayonnaise",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32984,"Russian Food Security Experts Fight GMO Registrations in Supreme Court

by Sustainable Pulse

Excerpts:

A group of scientists and food security experts have taken the Russian Government resolution, which will allow the registration of GM crops and products containing GMOs from June 1, 2014, to the Supreme Court.

On December 16 the group, which includes representatives of non-profit organizations and experts in the field of biological and food security, filed a suit in Russia’s Supreme Court to challenge the adoption of Russian Government Decree 839 of 23 September 2013, regarding the state registration of GMOs.

According to the experts, this Government resolution violates the constitutional rights of Russian citizens, including the right to a healthy environment, and food safety information.

Yulia Yakel , environmental lawyer and member of the Legal Center “Spring”, stated; “We intend to ensure that Government Decree 839 does not come into force in 2014, but is instead cancelled.”

Read the Full Story here.

‘Stop GMOs’: Russian scientists urge 10-year ban on genetically modified products

by Russia Today

Excerpts:

Russian scientists are calling for a 10-year moratorium on GMOs to thoroughly study their influence on human health, stressing that such examinations are vital.

“It is necessary to ban GMO, to impose moratorium [on it] for 10 years. While GMO will be prohibited, we can plan experiments, tests, or maybe even new methods of research could be developed,” vice president of Russia’s National Association for Genetic Safety, Irina Ermakova, told Interfax news agency.

According to her, there have not been enough sufficient studies on GMO influence on human health to allow for a wide introduction of genetically modified food on the market.

However, scientists say that most studies prove that such food comes along with dangerous side effects.

“It has been proved that not only in Russia, but also in many other countries in the world, GMO is dangerous. Methods of obtaining the GMO are not perfect, therefore, at this stage, all GMOs are dangerous,” Ermakova said.

She went on to explain that one of the techniques uses tumor-causing soil bacteria.

“Consumption and use of GMOs obtained in such way can lead to tumors, cancers and obesity among animals,” Ermakova said.

She added that doctors have seen a surge of diabetes and cancer in regions where residents have consumed larger amounts of GMO-containing food.

Read the Full Story here.

Free Shipping Available for this book on sustainable gardening!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33147,"New research is revealing something remarkable about why the body sweats. Beyond its obvious role in regulating body temperature, sweating has been found to facilitate the elimination of accumulated heavy metals and petrochemicals, indicating that if we want to be healthy we should put regular effort into doing more sweating.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17351,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Statin drugs that reduce cholesterol in the body are much more harmful than beneficial, even though they do lower cholesterol readings. There is much clinical evidence that lowering cholesterol is not only unnecessary, but it is seriously damaging to overall health.

This is worth repeating even as much as Health Impact News has covered cholesterol and statin issues in the past. Many others, even alternative health sites and practitioners, still continue to perpetuate the cholesterol myth that promotes the scam of dangerous and highly profitable statin drugs.

The High Cholesterol Heart Disease Scare is False

Epidemiological studies [1] tracking elderly people over time have concluded that people with high cholesterol live longer than those with low cholesterol. So there is no need to take a pharmaceutical with dangerous side effects to lower cholesterol.

A 2011 VA study concluded: “… after adjusting for other factors associated with longevity, higher HDL cholesterol levels were significantly associated with survival to 85 years of age.” (Source) [2]

A Swedish study performed with data from American medical institutions disclosed an association with low cholesterol to cancer. It was also published in 2011. (Source) [3]

A more recent science editorial bluntly explains that statin drugs and plant sterols [4] as supplements or added to processed foods do reduce cholesterol, but not coronary heart disease (CHD). Conversely, incidents of CHD increase with cholesterol lowering compounds. (Source) [5]

A very extensive 2015 Japanese study that debunked the whole cholesterol CHD causation myth began with this paragraph:

High cholesterol levels are recognized as a major cause of atherosclerosis. However, for more than half a century some have challenged this notion. But which side is correct, and why can’t we come to a definitive conclusion after all this time and with more and more scientific data available? We believe the answer is very simple: for the side defending this so-called cholesterol theory, the amount of money at stake is too much to lose the fight. (Source) [6]

The 1997 European Heart Journal published a study that counters the claim statins are useful for heart patients by exposing data proving mortality is higher among heart patients using statins. The study title tells all: “Low total cholesterol is associated with high total mortality in patients with coronary heart disease.” (Source) [7]

There are other studies and papers with the same essential message that high cholesterol readings promote longevity while reducing cholesterol shortens lives by leading to cancer and ironically, coronary heart disease (CHD). The cholesterol level count as a marker for heart disease is false.

How come hardly anyone knows of this? Could it be the pharmaceutical industry is enjoying a multibillion dollar statin drug business and the mass mainstream media, especially TV, is enjoying a strong cash flow from advertising pharmaceuticals (“ask you doctor about …”) since this activity was legalized in 1997 in the USA?

Cardiologists are Speaking Out on the Cholesterol Clogs Arteries Myth

Dr. William Davis explains in his article “A Headline You Will Never See: 60 Year Old Man Dies of Cholesterol” that cholesterol doesn’t kill “any more than a bad paint job on your car could cause a fatal car accident.”

Retired heart surgeon Dr. Dwight Lundell cites several other studies that conclude there is no real connection of CHD to high cholesterol, while low fat diets are creating more metabolic syndrome and diabetes 2, both precursors to CHD. He has observed that arterial inflammation from other sources is what leads to CHD. (Source) [8]

Practicing cardiologist Dr. Stephen Sinatra has even appeared on the Dr. Oz show to explain why high cholesterol, LDL or HDL, is not a marker for CHD, but you should be concerned about the tiniest lipoproteins that can burrow into you inner vascular walls and create inflammation.

All cholesterol is the same. It’s only the lipoprotein carriers to direct cholesterol where it’s needed that differ. The ones that are the smallest can create arterial inflammation by burrowing into the endothelial [9] layers of arteries’ inner walls, then cholesterol attempts to repair the damage and gets blamed for damage.

But the damaging tiny lipoproteins are usually generated by added sugars in our processed foods, not saturated fats. Here is part three of that Dr. Oz show.

Lowering Cholesterol Inhibits Bodily Functions that Promote Health and Protect Against Disease

Cholesterol is what helps convert sunlight into vitamin D in the body, which is the safest most natural way to augment the production of what many consider a highly helpful multitasking hormone, although some insist it is an important vitamin.

Some say it’s a hormone or hormone precursor and others say it is a vitamin, regardless, vitamin D3 is vital for creating the hormonal production and balance in our bodies. It’s synthesized by the liver from the cholecalciferol produced by the cholesterol in our skin from sun exposure.

Not enough cholesterol hampers that vitamin D production at it’s beginning. Vitamin D has now been proven to be vital for overall health and even emotional and mental well being. It’s considered important for protecting against chronic disease. So what’s the point in lowering cholesterol if we need it to help us be healthy in so many ways?

Increased neurological disorders and Alzheimer’s have been attributed to low cholesterol. The brain contains 25% of the body’s cholesterol and all cells throughout the body are walled with cholesterol. Lawsuits are piling up from those who have suffered neurological diseases from statins.

Many of these lawsuits also involve the side effect of diabetes type 2 generated by taking statin drugs. The mainstream medical rationale is the benefits of avoiding heart attacks outweigh the risks of the side effects. Problem is, cholesterol is not a risk factor for heart attacks. (Source) [10]

MIT researcher Stephanie Seneff has graphed an increase of Alzheimer’s disease and dementia among the elderly since it is almost customary to prescribe statins for people over 50 with what are considered CHD risk factors even if cholesterol readings are “normal.”

If coconut oil, a saturated fat, can help reverse even Alzheimer’s, what does this say about avoiding fats and lowering cholesterol? Statins reduce cholesterol by curbing it’s production at the root of biochemical cascades that lead to its production. That root is the source of several other heart health nutrients that are eliminated by statin drugs.

Those vital nutrients include CoQ10. It is the most heart health promoting compound that is dampened by curbing cholesterol production. It’s known for strengthening the heart muscle and has been used for CHD patients in Japan since its discovery there.

Also inhibited is vitamin K2, which helps usher calcium from the blood and other soft tissue and into bone matter. If enough calcium accumulates in the blood instead of being absorbed by bone matter, it can calcify within arteries and create inflammation. Again, cholesterol tries to heal the inflammation and gets blamed as the culprit.

According to Dr. Ron Rosedale: LDL particles [considered the “bad cholesterol”] come in many sizes and large LDL particles are not a problem. Only the so-called small dense LDL particles can potentially be a problem, because they can squeeze through the lining of the arteries and if they oxidize they can cause damage and inflammation.

Oxidized LDL is also amply supplied from processed cooking and salad oils and margarine (partially hydrolyzed and hydrolyzed substitutes). Again, it’s been observed that HFCS and high added sugars create that type of small dense LDL particle, not saturated fats.

Statins are toxic to the energy centers of your cells, called mitochondria. They impair heart muscle mitochondria function, disrupt ATP production (adenosine triphosphate), the energy molecules of your body and alter intracellular signaling proteins.

This ATP damage also affects other muscles’ cells and is responsible for the aches, pains, and weakness statin users complain about to the point of quitting the drugs and taking months to completely recover.

How much more useless and dangerous can statin drugs be?

It’s impossible to reconcile the facts with earlier wishes by some mainstream medical doctors to put statins in our water supplies and hand them out with fast foods. At least you still have the option of avoiding statin drugs despite the continued statin push.

Sources:

http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/statin-scam-people-with-higher-cholesterol-live-longer-than-people-with-low-cholesterol/ [11]

https://healthimpactnews.com/2015/japanese-research-exposes-statin-scam-people-with-high-cholesterol-live-longer/ [6]

http://healthimpactnews.com/2015/how-cholesterol-lowering-statin-drugs-can-interfere-with-your-heart-health/ [12]

http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/thousands-sue-for-damages-against-cholesterol-drugs-as-big-pharma-defends-billion-dollar-industry/ [13]

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dr-mercola/the-cholesterol-myth-that_b_676817.html [14]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33009,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

As we have previously reported here on Health Impact News, U.S. courts are increasingly becoming skeptical of the “science” behind the pediatric medical diagnosis of “shaken baby syndrome” (SBS) which has been used to take many thousands of children away from their parents, and in some cases incarcerate the parents based on the SBS designation. Just recently, the University of Michigan’s Innocence Clinic, part of the University’s law school, was awarded $$250,000 to train attorneys to fight wrongful shaken baby syndrome convictions. See:

This week, the Swedish Council on Technology and Social Evaluation and the Swedish National Medical Ethics have also come to the conclusion that the “science” behind SBS is very weak.

Shaky evidence of shaken-baby syndrome

by Ingrid Lund

DH.se

Excerpts:

The diagnosis of “shaken baby syndrome” has previously been questioned both medically and legally. Now comes the SBU and Smers investigative report that argues that the evidence of skakvåld does not measure up.

The Swedish Council on Technology and Social Evaluation and the National Medical Ethics have jointly investigated the scientific basis for the diagnosis skakvåld to infants or in English “shaken baby syndrome”.

After reviewing the scientific literature, explains the SBU and Smers report, there is not sufficient scientific evidence to establish that the typical damage is certainly caused by skakvåld.

Skakvåld challenged in the Supreme Court

The SBU and Smers investigation comes as a result of the diagnosis skakvåld being questioned, especially in law.

In 2014, the Supreme Court concluded that the scientific evidence was not strong enough to judge anyone after a diagnosis of skakvåld. This was after experts testified that the children’s symptoms just as well have been caused by birth trauma and not skakvåld. Several parents have subsequently cleared of suspicions that have harmed their child with skakvåld.

Full Article.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com.

See Also:

Support the cause of Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24789,"If you are a professional Registered Dietitian and oppose the corporate processed food companies sponsorship of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (AND), there is a group on Facebook you can join: Dietitians for Professional Integrity. The Facebook group is very active, exposing front groups and corporate sponsors that influence the AND, promoting junk food as nutritious. The AND and other policy groups influence nutrition advice in schools and hospitals across our the U.S., so it is important to understand how these groups have been taken over by companies that market processed foods, such as Coke, Pepsi, McDonald's, and others who want their products labeled as ""nutritious.""",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33228,"According to quotes attributed to early Americans Dr. Benjamin Rush and Thomas Jefferson, medical freedom should have been inserted into the Constitution as part of the Bill of Rights. The fact that medical freedom has not been included in the Constitution's Bill of Rights has resulted in the establishment of “Pharmaceutical Medicine” as the only “officially” acceptable medicine and fostered the suppression of all other forms of valid healing. All unacceptable forms of medicine not considered “official” have been excluded from medical insurance coverage. The monopolist exclusion of insurance coverage for safer, less expensive, and more effective treatments creates a vast patient pool no matter the expense. For example a cancer patient may opt for chemo and radiation because his or her insurance covers that, but not natural treatments, which though less expensive, are beyond most people's budgets. This attempt by the U.S. Government, usually under the authority of the FDA, to suppress non-approved pharmaceutical alternatives that are often natural, non-toxic, less expensive, and more effective, has led to a new cultural phenomenon: Medical Tourism and Medical Refugees.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32706,"Healthy Traditions Press Release

Healthy Traditions’ new Traditionally Produced Rolled Oats are grown on a small family farm in Wisconsin using sustainable methods without any pesticides, herbicides or chemical fertilizers. As an added assurance they are also tested for the presence of glyphosate and no trace was found.

We have tested many batches of oats nationwide, including those certified organic, and it has been extremely difficult to find sources with no trace of the herbicide glyphosate present.

These oats are processed by a small family-run mill, also in Wisconsin, and are never subjected to any heat processing and are truly raw. This mill is dedicated to milling only grains grown on nearby farms that are free from pesticides and herbicides.

The oats are processed in small batches in order to keep them raw and as fresh as possible, making them an artisan, handcrafted product.

Truly raw rolled oats

Grown sustainably on a small farm

Glyphosate-tested and no trace found

Processed in a family mill in small batches

Purchase here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33081,"by KerryAnn Foster

Cooking Traditional Foods

Before I made the switch to natural body care products, I lived with a tube of lip balm always within reach. Despite constant application, my lips were always dry. Unbeknownst to me at the time, I was chronically dehydrated and eating too little fat. Both your fluid and your fat intake affect the suppleness of your skin.

When I switched to real foods, adding quality fats to my diet and making the switch to coconut oil as my main fat improved my skin and lessened the need for lip balms. Figuring out the right amount of fluids to take in got rid of my dry lips and constant, minor headaches and fatigue.

I was thrilled when I discovered that my favorite fat, coconut oil, could be used to make lip balm. I like to keep a tube around for for days I’m too busy and I don’t stay well-hydrated or when someone is sick. My kids love it for the novelty since their friends carry lip balm, and I can feel good about letting them use this lip balm since it doesn’t contain objectionable ingredients.

I prefer to use expeller-pressed coconut oil for this recipe, but if you want a noticeable coconut flavor, such as when you would pair it with lime essential oil, you can use a virgin coconut oil.

I use ¼ ounce containers for my lip balms, but you can also purchase tubes or other containers. The small, metal containers are very popular among those who wish to avoid plastic. This recipe makes three of the ¼ ounce containers, an amount that lasts my family about 6 months.

Photo by KerryAnn Foster

Lip Balm

Makes ¾ ounce

3 tsp sweet almond or apricot kernel oil

4 tsp coconut oil, melted

2 tsp grated beeswax

5-10 drops sweet orange oil or another essential oil

In a small pot, combine the almond oil, coconut oil and beeswax. Melt over low heat until everything is liquid and whisk to combine. Remove from the heat and whisk in the essential oil. Our immediately into lip balm pots or tubes and allow to sit, undisturbed for at least 20 minutes or until firm.

Photo by KerryAnn Foster

The mixture can sink as it cools. If this bothers you, you can pour a second, thin layer over the top to give it an even surface. Allow it to cool thoroughly before using.

About the Author

KerryAnn Foster blogs at Cooking Traditional Foods and has authored multiple books and eBooks. She writes the longest running traditional foods Menu Mailer available, now in its fifth year. KerryAnn founded Nourished Living Network, a network for traditional food bloggers, in 2011. KerryAnn has ten years of traditional foods experience. Read about KerryAnn’s journey to health through celiac disease, food allergies, obesity, adrenal fatigue and heavy metals.

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24487,"I met Holly Johnson this past weekend at our Northern Virginia Whole Foods Nutrition meetup group. When I heard her dramatic testimony of how a change in diet enabled her to become pregnant, just had to share it with you!

Here is our video interview!

For more information on low carb diets, I recommend Living La Vida Low Carb blog by Jimmy Moore. If others have suggestions on helpful weight loss sites, please add them to the comments, below.

Coming soon, a guest blog by a medical doctor who has just come out with a book on weight loss. He has helped thousands upon thousands of patients lose weight. We spoke on the phone yesterday, and I am very excited to hear what he has to share!

Check the Books and Literature section of my resources page for more help on nutrition and lifestyle changes to improve your health. New Trends Publishing offers several excellent weight loss books, A Life Unburdened and Eat Fat, Lose Fat, for instance.

Kimberly Hartke is a health and wellness blogger. She and her husband lost 50 lbs between them by following a healthy fat, good carb diet, which emphasized low glycemic carbs.

This post is part of the Real Food Wednesday blog carnival. You’ll find lots of healthy recipes and real food ideas on Kelly the Kitchen Kop.

Read the full blog post here: http://hartkeisonline.com/natural-health/infertility-vanished-with-one-womans-weight-loss/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17312,"Does Glyphosate Acting as a Glycine Analogue Contribute To ALS?

by Stephanie Seneff, Wendy A. Morley, Michael J. Hadden, Martin C. Michener

Journal of Bioinformatics and Proteomics Review

Abstract

Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) is a fatal neurodegenerative disease involving several protein mutations in glycine-rich regions with limited treatment options.

90 – 95% of all cases are non-familial with epidemiological studies showing a significant increased risk in glyphosate-exposed workers.

In this paper, we propose that glyphosate, the active ingredient in Roundup®, plays a role in ALS, mainly through mistakenly substituting for glycine during protein synthesis, disruption of mineral homeostasis as well as setting up a state of dysbiosis. Mouse models of ALS reveal a pre-symptomatic profile of gut dysbiosis.

This dysbiotic state initiate a cascade of events initially impairing metabolism in the gut, and, ultimately, through a series of intermediate stages, leading to motor neuron axonal damage seen in ALS. Lipopolysaccharide, a toxic by-product of dysbiosis which contributes to the pathology, is shown to be statistically higher in ALS patients.

In this paper we paint a compelling view of how glyphosate exerts its deleterious effects, including mitochondrial stress and oxidative damage through glycine substitution. Furthermore, its mineral chelation properties disrupt manganese, copper and zinc balance, and it induces glutamate toxicity in the synapse, which results in a die-back phenomenon in axons of motor neurons supplying the damaged skeletal muscles.

Conclusion

According to the World Health Organization, the World Bank and Harvard School of Public Health, neurodegenerative (NDG) diseases will become the 8th leading cause of disease burden in developing regions. In addition, NDG diseases will surpass cancer and become the second leading cause of death by mid-century. NDG diseases are expected to surpass 70 million in 2030 and rise to over 100 million in 2050. NDG disease is clearly a health burden and to some degree, a health crisis in our society.

In this paper, we have presented a mechanism by which chronic glyphosate exposure can plausibly lead to ALS, due to its properties of metal chelation, disruption of gut microbes, impairment of fructose metabolism, interference with the supply of important nutrients, especially aromatic amino acids and their derivatives, toxic effects on the liver, and, most importantly, its potential ability to substitute for glycine during protein synthesis.

The multiple links between glyphosate and ALS are illustrated through the graphical overview illustrated in Figure 3. We have shown how a cascade beginning with gut dysbiosis, progressing to liver disease, muscle failure, and, finally, widespread damage to motor neurons in the spinal column, can lead to a diagnosis of ALS after several decades of chronic exposure to glyphosate.

Other NDG diseases have considerable overlap with ALS in terms of the characteristic feature of misfolded proteins accumulating in inclusion bodies in nervous tissues. We believe that glyphosate is a strong factor in the alarming rise in multiple NDGs well beyond ALS. Especially given the insidious and destructive effects that glyphosate can be expected to induce through substitution for glycine during protein synthesis, regulatory agencies should seriously consider banning glyphosate usage to control weeds or for any other purpose.

Read the full study.

Reference:

Seneff, S., et al. Does glyphosate acting as a glycine analogue contribute to ALS? (2016) J Bioinfo Proteomics Rev 2(3): 1- 21.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
51213,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

Most liquid Vitamin E soft gels are derived from soybean oil. It is also used as a preservative in many foods, often labeled as “mixed tocopherols” or something of that nature. So if you are looking to avoid soy in your diet, you will also want to check labels for Vitamin E and tocopherols as these can be hidden sources of soy. As April McCarthy from PreventDisease.com writes below, it is best to get your Vitamin E from foods as opposed to supplements.

by April McCarthy

PreventDisease.com

Vitamin E’s role in cancer prevention has been ambiguous due to several conflicting studies. Research suggests that the Vitamin E found in its natural form in foods such as almonds and sunflower seeds is indeed protective, while synthetic Vitamin E (alpha tocopherol acetate) supplements do not show the same protective effect. Researchers have identified an elusive anti-cancer property of vitamin E that has long been presumed to exist, but difficult to find.

Foods highest in vitamin E such as sunflower seeds, pecans, almonds, spinach, and collard greens are known to protect the skin from ultraviolet light, prevent cell damage from free radicals, allow cells to communicate effectively and protect against cancer and Alzheimer’s disease.

In this new work, researchers showed in prostate cancer cells that one form of vitamin E inhibits the activation of an enzyme that is essential for cancer cell survival. The loss of the enzyme, called Akt, led to tumor cell death. The vitamin had no negative effect on normal cells.

“This is the first demonstration of a unique mechanism of how vitamin E can have some benefit in terms of cancer prevention and treatment,” said lead author Ching-Shih Chen, professor of medicinal chemistry and pharmacognosy at The Ohio State University and an investigator in Ohio State’s Comprehensive Cancer Center.

The study appears in the March 19, 2013, issue of the journal Science Signaling.

Even though its name makes it sound like a single substance, vitamin E is actually a family of fat-soluble vitamins that are active throughout the body. Some members of the vitamin E family are called tocopherols. These members include alpha tocopherol, beta tocopherol, gamma tocopherol, and delta tocopherol.

Other members of the vitamin E family are called tocotrienols. These members include alpha, beta, gamma, and delta tocotrienol. As increasing information has become available about these forms of vitamin E, more and more of them are understood to have unique functions.

Vitamin E Foods, But Not Supplements Offer Protection Against Cancer and Alzheimer’s Disease

Chen cautioned that taking a typical vitamin E supplement won’t offer this benefit for at least two reasons: The most affordable supplements are synthetic and based predominantly on a form of the vitamin that did not fight cancer as effectively in this study, and the human body can’t absorb the high doses that appear to be required to achieve the anti-cancer effect.

In this study, researchers showed that, of the tocopherols tested, the gamma form of tocopherol was the most potent anti-cancer form of the vitamin.

While the type of vitamin E usually used in supplements is alpha-tocopherol, research published in the December 2004 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences indicates another form of vitamin E, gamma-tocopherol, but not alpha-tocopherol, inhibits prostate cancer cell proliferation, without affecting healthy prostate cells.

Plus, the anti-cancer effect of gamma-tocopherol, when combined with other forms of vitamin E such as delta-tocopherol, appears to be additive.

Recent research has revealed that, in humans, other vitamin E fractions may be even more beneficial. Gamma-tocopherol has been found to exhibit anti-inflammatory effects, which has led researchers to think this fraction may be more cardioprotective than the alpha-tocopherol found in most supplements. Not only is gamma-tocopherol anti-inflammatory, but it is also highly attracted to the nucleus in cells–the site where mutations in the genetic code can promote the development of cancer.

Gamma-tocopherol, particularly in combination with other forms of vitamin E such as delta-tocopherol, induced apoptosis (cell death) in androgen-sensitive prostate cancer cells within 3 days of treatment. Alpha-tocopherol alone did not have this effect.

The researchers in Chen’s study began the work with both alpha and gamma forms of the vitamin E molecule. Both inhibited the enzyme called Akt in very targeted ways, but the gamma structure emerged as the more powerful form of the vitamin.

In effect, the vitamin halted Akt activation by attracting Akt and another protein, called PHLPP1, to the same region of a cell where the vitamin was absorbed: the fat-rich cell membrane. PHLPP1, a tumor suppressor, then launched a chemical reaction that inactivated Akt, rendering it unable to keep cancer cells alive.

“This is a new finding. We have been taking vitamin E for years but nobody really knew about this particular anti-cancer mechanism,” Chen said.

The gamma form was most effective because its chemical shape allowed it to attach to Akt in the most precise way to shut off the enzyme.

Not Just Prostate Cancer

A high intake of vitamin E from food, but not from supplements (which usually contain just alpha-tocopherol) is also inversely associated with Alzheimer’s disease. Rush University’s Martha Clare Morris, Sc.D., lead nutrition researcher for CHAP, the Chicago Health and Aging Project, found a 67% lower risk of Alzheimer’s in subjects with the highest intakes of vitamin E from food and concluded: “various tocopherol forms rather than alpha-tocopherol alone may be important in the vitamin E protective association with Alzheimer’s disease.”

A Nurses Health Study studied 83,234 women at baseline and sought to assess the incidence of breast cancer during a 14-year follow-up. The study showed that pre-menopausal women with a family history of breast cancer who consumed the highest quantity of vitamin E enjoyed a 43 percent reduction in breast cancer incidence compared to only a 16 percent risk reduction for women without a family history of breast cancer. The data indicates that some of the vitamin E compounds in food may account for the dramatic reductions in breast cancer incidence when dietary intake levels of vitamin E are measured.

In a study of 29,092 Finnish men in their 50s and 60s who were smokers, those with the highest concentrations of the vitamin E in their blood at the study’s outset were the least likely to die during the follow-up period, which lasted up to 19 years, Dr. Margaret E. Wright of the National Cancer Institute in Bethesda, Maryland and colleagues report.

A combination of exercise and vitamin E may also help slow the aging process. That power of that potent combination was detailed in a University of Florida (UF) study in the current issue of Biological Research for Nursing. The study of 59 healthy men and women aged 60 to 75 found those who exercised regularly and took vitamin E supplements became healthier and greatly decreased their levels of a blood marker that signals destruction of certain cells.

A group of Italian researchers found that the more vitamin E women consumed in their diets, the less likely they were to have the beginning traces of thickening in the neck’s carotid arteries, a marker of artery disease throughout the body.

High levels of hormone-like substances called prostaglandins have been implicated in dysmenorrhea, or painful menstruation. Because vitamin E can help block prostaglandin formation, Dr. S. Ziaei of Tarbiat Modarres University in Iran and colleagues tested the vitamin as a treatment for dysmenorrhea. Individuals in both the vitamin E group reported slightly less menstural pain than they did at the start of the study, according to a report in a recent issue of the British Journal of Obstetrics and Gynaecology.

Read the full article here: http://preventdisease.com/news/13/031513_Foods-Highest-In-Vitamin-E-Prevent-Cancer-Not-Supplements.shtml

Sources:

whfoods.com

scienceblog.com

April McCarthy is a community journalist playing an active role reporting and analyzing world events to advance our health and eco-friendly initiatives.

Pecans and Vitamin E

Reference Sources

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.

Read We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies on your mobile device! FREE! – $$0.99



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24360,"Most antidepressants cause a change in the electrical pulse of the heart, which changes the rhythm of the heart beat. It’s called an extended QT interval—and it can result in sudden death with no warning of any kind: BMJ study.

by Heidi Stevenson

Gaia Health

The antidepressant citalopram—brand names Celexa and Cipramil—has joined a growing list of drugs that can cause sudden death by stopping the heart. The study, published in the BMJ[1], found that the drug causes lengthening in the QT interval, a part of the heart beat cycle.

Several drugs are noted for this issue. The most famous is methadone, noted for sudden death in some individuals, especially when dosage is increased too rapidly. There are no symptoms indicating a risk. A perfectly normal person will literally drop dead.

The heart beat is regulated by electrical pulses. Certain points of the wave pattern that’s printed out for an electrocardiogram (ECG) are labeled Q, R, S, and T, as illustrated in the graphic to the right.

If the time between Q and T is lengthened, it’s referred to as extended, elongated, or long QT syndrome, or QT interval prolongation. The only way to know if it’s happening is through an ECG.There are generally no external clues, so outside of testing, you would have no way of knowing that you’ve been affected.

The Study

The study’s authors are quite specific about the risk associated with Celexa. The larger the dose, the greater the risk. They noted that the FDA has said:

Citalopram causes dose-dependent QT interval prolongation. Citalopram should no longer be prescribed at doses greater than 40 mg per day.

A quick look at Medscape’s drug reference for citalopram confirms that statement[2].

The researchers examined 38,397 adults who were taking either an antidepressant or methadone at some point between February 1990 and August 2011, more than two decades. The antidepressants that subjects took were citalopram (Celexa), escitalopram (Lexapro), fluoxetine (Prozac), paroxetine (Paxil), sertraline (Zoloft), amitriptyline, bupropion (Zyban), duloxetine (Cymbalta), mirtazapine (Remeron), nortriptyline, and venlafaxine (Effexor).

All study participants received an electrocardiogram (ECG) 14-90 days after they’d taken their prescribed drug. The study found that all antidepressants affect the QT interval to some degree, though methadone was worse by a significant amount.

Interestingly, bupropion (Zyban), had the opposite result of the other drugs. The QT interval was shortened. That, though, doesn’t make it safe, as a shorter QT interval can cause palpitations and fainting, and can also result in sudden cardiac arrest.

The worst of the antidepressants for lengthening the QT interval were citalopram (Celexa), escitalopram (Lexapro), and amitriptyline. However, overall, one in five people taking these drugs experienced abnormal ECGs with extended QT intervals. The authors state that the clinical significance of these findings is unknown.

We do know that an extended QT interval can result in sudden death. In reality, this doesn’t happen often—though no one can quantify the frequency of death. So, it seems that the only ethical approach is to inform people of the potential risk of sudden death by taking these drugs.

But we already know that genuine informed consent almost never happens. People are routinely told that the risk is minimal and the specifics are not stated. Ultimately, though, the only one who lives the the results are the person inside your own skin.

More Complete List of Drugs that Prolong the QT Interval

A 2004 article in the New England Journal of Medicine discusses prolongation of the QT interval. It listed the known drugs that can cause it[3]. They were:

Disopyramide

Dofetilide

Ibutilide

Procainamide

Quinidine

Sotalol

Bepridil

Amiodarone

Arsenic trioxide

Cisapride

Calcium-channel blockers: lidoflazine

Antiinfectives: clarithromycin, erythromycin, halofantrine, pentamidine, sparfloxacin

Antiemetics: domperidone, droperidol

Antipsychotics: chlorpromazine, halperidol, mesoridazine, thioridazine, pimozide

Methadone

Sources:

QT interval and antidepressant use: a cross sectional study of electronic health records, BMJ; Victor M Castro, team lead, Caitlin C Clements, clinical research coordinator, Shawn N Murphy, associate professor of neurology, Vivian S Gainer, team lead, Maurizio Fava, Slater Family professor of psychiatry, Jeffrey B Weilburg, assistant professor of psychiatry, Jane L Erb, assistant professor of psychiatry, Susanne E Churchill, executive director, National Center for Biomedical Computing, Isaac S Kohane, director, National Center for Biomedical Computing, Dan V Iosifescu, associate professor of psychiatry, Jordan W Smoller, associate professor of psychiatry, Roy H Perlis, associate professor of psychiatry; doi: http://dx.doi.org/10.1136/bmj.f288 (Published 29 January 2013) citalopram (Rx) – Celexa Drug-Induced Prolongation of the QT Interval, New England Journal of Medicine; Alastair J.J. Wood, M.D., Editor



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47244,"by David Evans

HEALTHY DIETS AND SCIENCE

This post includes a summary of a paper published in Nutrition and Metabolism 2005, 2:34

Study title and authors:

A low-carbohydrate, ketogenic diet to treat type 2 diabetes

William S Yancy Jr1,2 , Marjorie Foy1 , Allison M Chalecki1 , Mary C Vernon3 and Eric C Westman21 Center for Health Services Research in Primary Care, Department of Veterans’ Affairs Medical Center (152), 508 Fulton Street, Durham, NC, USA 27705

2 Department of Medicine, Duke University Medical Center, Durham, NC, USA

3 Private Bariatric and Family Practice, and Clinical Faculty, University of Kansas School of Medicine, Lawrence, KS, USA

The paper can be accessed at: http://www.nutritionandmetabolism.com/content/2/1/34

The paper found that by following a low carbohydrate/ketogenic diet most patients with type 2 diabetes could discontinue or reduce their medication.

Read the full article here: http://healthydietsandscience.blogspot.com/2010/04/low-carbohydrate-diet-to-treat-diabetes.html?spref=tw",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23905,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Investigative journalist Sharyl Attkisson revealed recently that the government’s own studies on the effectiveness of the flu vaccine for the elderly show that they are not only not effective in preventing the flu, but that the death rate of those vaccinated increased.

While still a reporter for CBS News, Attkisson tried to interview the lead researcher of a “mainstream” flu vaccination study they assumed would show that the flu vaccine was effective in preventing the seasonal influenza virus. However, the National Institute of Health (NIH) blocked the interview, and Attkisson had to interview the co-authors of the study instead, since they were independent researchers, and not paid by the government. Attkisson writes: “These study authors who were honest, at their own career peril, should be commended.”

While this study was done several years ago, recent data about the effectiveness of the flu vaccine for the elderly is not much better, and this can usually be ascertained simply by reading the package insert for the vaccine. Earlier this year, Dr. Brownstein broke down the data published on last year’s flu shot marketed for seniors. While the manufacturer was selling up the benefits for seniors, the actual study proved just the opposite (See: Dr. Brownstein: New Flu Vaccine Worthless).

Reading the packet insert of the senior flu vaccine from last year reveals some other interesting data: there were 226 “serious” adverse events and 23 deaths out of only 3,833 participants in the drug trials developing the flu vaccine (See: 23 Seniors Died After Receiving This Year’s Flu Shot Sold by Pharmacies).

Govt. Researchers: Flu Shots Not Effective in Elderly, After All

by Sharyl Attkisson

SharylAttkisson.com

An important and definitive “mainstream” government study done nearly a decade ago got little attention because the science came down on the wrong side. It found that after decades and billions of dollars spent promoting flu shots for the elderly, the mass vaccination program did not result in saving lives. In fact, the death rate among the elderly increased substantially.

The authors of the study admitted a bias going into the study. Here was the history as described to me: Public health experts long assumed flu shots were effective in the elderly. But, paradoxically, all the studies done failed to demonstrate a benefit. Instead of considering that they, the experts, could be wrong–instead of believing the scientific data–the public health experts assumed the studies were wrong. After all, flu shots have to work, right?

Read the complete story here.

Reader comments from our Facebook when this article was posted:

My grandmother was unresponsive less than 15 hours after her flu shot and died just a day after she got it. NO one should be getting this! – Jamie

That’s how my grandmother died. She was healthy but living in extended care. 100 years old – never had a flu shot in her life. The facility decided to give shots one year without consent. She died shortly afterward. Very tragic way to go for someone who took such good care of themselves all their life – Kim

I had an elderly client who at 70 was paralized by the flu shot. It took him 5 years to get out of the wheel chair. He had a paraplegic son to take care of and it was really hard on him. At 80 he was still planting a garden. I myself have only had one flu shot and was sick the whole year. Have not had another one since. That was 25 ywears ago and I just do not get sick anymore. – Linda

I had a conversation with a retired man last week, he said his wife was In bed with the flu, trying every medication to get rid of it, I said to him has she just had the flu vaccine by any chance, he said yes, she has it every year!? – Melissa

Got the shot once at the prompting of someone else… Sick within the week and ended up with pneumonia, never had the flu before the shot or after that first bout with pneumonia and I am now 71, and never intend to get another vaccine for anything! – Barbara

Flu and Flu Vaccines:

What’s Coming Through That Needle – DVD

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24850,"by Dr. Mercola

Soybean oil is the most common oil used in the US, but this is a relatively new phenomenon. Prior to 1900, cooking was done with lard and butter, and the processed foods that are now primary sources of soybean oil (and other soy ingredients) were nonexistent.

In the 1950s, saturated fats were condemned on the basis of them raising your cholesterol and causing heart disease – a theory that has since been proven wrong, but which is still lingering in medical offices and public nutrition regulations.

Partially hydrogenated soybean oil was developed to replace saturated fats like butter and lard in the food supply. Not only did consumers embrace it, but food manufacturers did even more so because of its low cost, long shelf-life, and stability at room temperature.

There was just one problem: partially hydrogenated oils are sources of trans fats, which are now known to cause chronic health problems such as obesity, asthma, auto-immune disease, cancer, and bone degeneration.

Yet, even if you take the hydrogenation process out of the picture, soybean oil is still detrimental to your health. While trans fats are now being pulled out of processed foods due to their extreme health risks, soybean oil is still fair game… but it shouldn’t be – and here’s why.

Soybean Oil Causes Obesity and Diabetes – Coconut Oil Does Not

Researchers recently designed a series of four diets to investigate the effects of saturated fats (coconut oil) versus unsaturated fat (soybean oil) as well as fructose on obesity and diabetes.1

Their results show just how very backward most nutritional advice is when suggesting vegetable oils are better than saturated fats…Mice fed a high-fat diet from coconut oil remained healthy, but when soybean oil was added in they had significant increases in weight gain, body fat, diabetes, glucose intolerance, and insulin resistance.

The addition of soybean oil proved to be even worse than fructose, the latter of which did lead to rectal prolapse and fatty liver.

The soybean-oil diet was also found to upregulate genes involved in obesity, diabetes, inflammation, mitochondrial function, and cancer. The researchers concluded:

“Taken together, our results indicate that in mice a diet high in soybean oil is more detrimental to metabolic health than a diet high in fructose or coconut oil.”

GM Soybean Oil Being Offered as a ‘Healthy’ Alternative

Conventional soybean oil contains about 55 percent linoleic acid, which is a polyunsaturated fat. DuPont has created a genetically modified (GM) soybean that is lower in linoleic acid and higher in oleic acid, which is the heart-healthy type found in olive oil.

As a result, DuPont claims the oil made from their GM soybeans, called Plenish, is “heart healthy.”2 Monsanto also launched Vistive low-linoleic soybeans called Vistive Gold, which are stable without requiring hydrogenation. They’re expected to be commercially available in 2015 “pending key import approvals.”

But are GM soybeans really healthier than non-GM varieties? According to a study presented at the Endocrine Society’s 97th annual meeting in San Diego, California, just barely.

The GM soybean oil posed all the same health problems as conventional soybean oil, including inducing obesity, diabetes, and fatty liver in mice. It did not appear to cause insulin resistance, which was its one purported benefit.

Still, swapping out regular soybean oil for a GM version is clearly not the answer. No one knows what the long-term health effects will be, and what we’ve seen with current GM products on the market provides little reassurance.

In fact, 94 percent of the soybeans grown in the US are already genetically modified;3 they’re just modified to be herbicide tolerant and not necessarily low in linoleic acid. And this is reason alone to avoid their use…

Why Consuming GM Soy Is a Bad Idea…

Roundup Ready soy is now being cultivated on a massive scale across the globe, along with the exponentially increasing use of the herbicide Roundup. Research has shown there are significant compositional differences between GM soybeans and non-GM varieties4

Contrary to industry claims, the study found that they also differ in terms of nutritional quality, with organic soybeans having the healthiest nutritional profile. According to the authors,

“This study rejects that genetically modified soy is “substantially equivalent” to non-GM soybeans.”

Further, Monsanto’s “Roundup Ready” soybeans are genetically modified to survive otherwise lethal doses of glyphosate, the active ingredient in the company’s herbicide Roundup.

Research confirmed GM soy contained high residues of glyphosate,5 which may be at least partially to blame for rising rates of numerous chronic diseases in Westernized societies, according to research published in Entropy.6

Authored by Dr. Stephanie Seneff, a research scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and Anthony Samsel, a retired science consultant, the report argues that glyphosate residues “enhance the damaging effects of other food-borne chemical residues and toxins in the environment to disrupt normal body functions and induce disease.”

Monsanto has steadfastly claimed that Roundup is harmless to animals and humans because the mechanism of action it uses (which allows it to kill weeds), called the shikimate pathway, is absent in all animals.

However, the shikimate pathway is present in bacteria, and that’s the key to understanding how it causes such widespread systemic harm in both humans and animals.

Glyphosate causes extreme disruption of the microbe’s function and lifecycle. What’s worse, glyphosate preferentially affects beneficial bacteria, allowing pathogens to overgrow and take over.

In the interview above, Dr. Seneff reviews a variety of chronic diseases, explaining how glyphosate contributes to each condition. So to learn more, I urge you to listen to it in its entirety. It’s quite eye opening.

This includes (but is not limited to) the following. And, by the way, if you assume the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) is on top of this, and tests the food Americans eat for unsafe levels of glyphosate… don’t. A USDA spokesman stated the agency had decided against testing for glyphosate in food because the tests are “extremely expensive… to do on a regular basis.”7

Autism

Gastrointestinal diseases such as inflammatory bowel disease, chronic diarrhea, colitis, and Crohn’s disease

Obesity

Allergies

Cardiovascular disease

Depression

Cancer

Infertility

Alzheimer’s disease

Parkinson’s disease

Multiple sclerosis

ALS and more

Public health agencies have long promoted getting at least 5 to 10 percent of your daily energy requirement from polyunsaturated omega-6 fats, like vegetable oils, and teach that reducing omega-6 intakes from current levels would likely increase your risk for heart disease.Soybean Oil Throws Off Your Omega-3 to Omega-6 Ratio

Unfortunately, this advice will worsen rather than improve your health, as eating too much damaged omega-6 fat and too little omega-3 sets the stage for the very health problems you seek to avoid, including cardiovascular disease, cancer, depression and Alzheimer’s, rheumatoid arthritis, and diabetes, just to name a few.

Omega-6 fats are pro-inflammatory and contribute to insulin, leptin, and resistance, altering your mood, and impairing learning and cell repair. Most people, especially Americans, are guilty of this lopsided omega-3 to omega-6 ratio, and to correct it, you typically need to do two things:

Significantly decrease omega-6 by avoiding processed foods and foods cooked at high temperatures using vegetable oils Increase your intake of heart-healthy animal-based omega-3 fats, such as krill oil and sardines

Both omega-3 and omega-6 fats are PUFAs (polyunsaturated fatty acids) and they are essential to your health, but when omega-6 is consumed in excess, it becomes problematic — and even more so if it’s damaged through processing. One of the problems with PUFAs is that they are very chemically unstable, and highly susceptible to being altered and denatured by heat and exposure to light and air.

When you eat too many PUFAs, they are increasingly incorporated into your cell membranes. Because these fats are unstable, your cells become fragile and prone to oxidation, which leads to all sorts of health problems, such as atherosclerosis. In fact, in one study when participants replaced saturated animal fats with omega-6 vegetable oils, it lead to an increased risk of death among patients with heart disease.8

The omega-6 linoleic acid group had a 17 percent higher risk of dying from heart disease during the study period, compared with 11 percent among the control group (those who did not receive any particular dietary advice). The omega-6 group also had a higher risk of all-cause mortality.

Trans Fats Replacements May Be No Better…

Most of you reading this are now well aware of the dangers of partially hydrogenated soybean oil (i.e. trans fats), and that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is in the process of banning them completely. That’s great news, but the question is, what is trans fat being replaced with?

The answer is that the oils they’re currently using in lieu of trans fats create toxic oxidation products, which in fact may be more toxic than trans fat. Nina Teicholz is an investigative journalist and author of The Big Fat Surprise: Why Butter, Meat, and Cheese Belong in a Healthy Diet. An excerpt from her book reads:

“I stumbled on this topic because a vice president of [IOI] Loders Croklaan, a big fats and oils producer, said to me, ‘I just heard this terrifying talk by a man in a company who does all the cleaning for fast food restaurants.’… He said they have been having problems since restaurants started getting rid of trans fats in their fryers around 2007… The new oils were building up gunk in the drains and on the walls. This kind of gunk would harden, and workers would scrape for days and not be able to get it off. The conventional cleaners didn’t work anymore. It’s turning out to be these highly volatile airborne chemicals. When the restaurants’ uniforms would be cleaned, the chemicals were so volatile that they would have problems of piles of uniforms spontaneously combusting in the back of trucks. And then they would go to the dryers. The heat of the dryers, even after the restaurant uniforms were cleaned, would cause fires.” [Emphasis mine]

The other issue is that, as trans fats are being replaced, restaurants and food service operations are reverting back to using regular vegetable oils (such as peanut, corn, and soy oil) for frying. But these oils still have the worrisome problem of degrading into toxic oxidation products when heated! More than 100 dangerous oxidation products have been found in a single piece of chicken fried in vegetable oils, Nina says.

“That’s the reason that vegetable oils were hardened to be able to be used in the first place,’ she says. ‘They couldn’t be used simply as oil. Once there was a technology that figured out how to use them just as oils by actually changing the fatty acid structure in oils, vegetable oils in bottles like Wesson Oil and canola oils came to the market, in the 1940s. But even back then, in a number of animal experiments that were done, there were tremendously worrying results. Animals would get cirrhosis of the liver or enlarged liver. And then when they were eating heated vegetable oils, they would die prematurely.'”

How to Focus on Truly Healthy Fats and Oils

Many people need to increase the healthy fat in their diet to 50 to 85 percent of their daily calories. This includes not only saturated fat but also monounsaturated fats (from avocados and nuts) and omega-3 fats. When it comes to cooking fats, few compare to tallow and lard in terms of health benefits and safety, although coconut oil is a good plant-based choice. Keep in mind that most processed foods are high in omega-6 fats, including soybean oil, and consuming them will only continue to worsen your omega-3 to omega-6 ratio. The primary sources of omega-6 that you would benefit from reducing include:

Corn oil

Canola oil

Soy oil

Hydrogenated or partially hydrogenated fats

Margarine

Shortening

On the other hand, healthy oils include the following. Feel free to include these liberally in your diet and, for more information on healthy fats, be sure to read my nutrition plan:

High-quality extra-virgin olive oil (use this for cold dishes, not for cooking)

Coconut oil

Avocados

Organic, grass-fed butter

Rendered fat from cooking healthy animals can also be used

Read the full article here.





Sources and References:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
36012,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Local Fox News affiliate Fox4kc in Kansas City has reported that 17-year-old Isaiah Rider has returned home to Kansas City, even though the State of Illinois still retains his custody rights.

Isaiah was released from Luries Children’s Hospital in Chicago where he was being held against his will, and the will of his family. He is reportedly staying with grandparents while his mother fights back against “medical abuse” charges for disagreeing with the hospital’s treatment and wanting to transfer him to a different hospital. Isaiah lost 5 months of his life to confinement in a hospital, and is now anxious to get back to school and resume his life.

Fox 4 KC interviewed Isaiah and his mother:

Isaiah’s mother Michelle believes they held her son to conduct medical experimentation on his rare disease, neurofibromatosis.

Michelle will return to Chicago Friday to face trial. But in the meantime, at least Isaiah is back home in Kansas City, staying with his grandparents.

Previous stories on Isaiah Rider.

See Also:

by Attorney Jonathan Emord Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43819,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

What is one way to get doctors to wake up to the dangers of the drugs they prescribe? Put them on the same drugs!

Apparently, this simple technique has worked in the U.K, as leading doctors speaking out against the dangers of statin drugs now include Dr. Kailash Chand, deputy chairman of the British Medical Association.

What has caused Dr. Chand to sound the alarm? The Daily Express [2] reports that he has suffered “awful” muscle pains while taking statins, and claims that plans to prescribe them to millions more adults will “only benefit drug companies”.

Health chief slams statins: Millions face terrible side effects as prescription escalates

By: Lucy Johnston [2]

Daily Express [2]

Excerpts:

LEADING doctors are demanding an end to the widespread prescription of statins, warning that one in four Britons will soon be at risk of terrible side effects from the controversial heart drugs.

Those sounding the alarm include Dr Kailash Chand, deputy chairman of the British Medical Association, who suffered “awful” muscle pains while taking statins and claims that plans to prescribe them to millions more adults will “only benefit drug companies”.

The drugs are currently offered to patients with a 20 per cent risk of developing heart disease to help keep their cholesterol levels in check.

Around seven million adults take the drugs. Under guidance to be published later this month by Government drug watchdog the National Institute for Care and Health Excellence (NICE), the threshold will be cut to a 10 per cent risk.

This will see millions more adults routinely prescribed the drugs. Aseem Malhotra, a cardiology specialist registrar, and Dr Malcolm Kendrick, a GP and cholesterol expert, will write to NICE, urging it to reconsider the move.

They will ask the watchdog not to rely on evidence from drug company sponsored trials, which have been shown to play down the risk of side effects including diabetes, impotence, cataracts, muscle pains, mental impairment, fatigue and liver dysfunction.

Dr Chand warned that giving the drugs to low-risk patients was “a commercialisation device” and not in their interests. Many experts say it is unnecessary to “medicalise” a problem which could be controlled with simple dietary changes, pointing to a study showing that eating an apple a day cuts cholesterol levels as effectively as taking statins.

Dr Kendrick, who has written a book called The Great Cholesterol Con, said: “I can stop people dying from heart disease by pushing them off the edge of a cliff. They might not like the end result.”

Read the Full Article here [2].

More news on statin drugs [3].

Fat and Cholesterol are Good for You!

What REALLY Causes Heart Disease

by Uffe Ravnskov, MD, PhD

[4]

Free Shipping Available! [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32288,"Parents Against CPS Corruption fights ‘medical kidnap’

by Michelle Chan

San Francisco BayView

Excerpts:

Eight years ago, Melinda Garrett was induced into labor a month and a half before her due date.

To Melinda, the baby represented a new beginning, a way to right all the wrongs and trauma and abuse she herself had endured as the survivor of childhood sexual and physical abuse, sex trafficking and a previously stillborn birth. She swore to break the cycle of abuse and to give everything she never had as a child to her newborn baby.

She was never given that chance.

Shortly after Melinda finished successfully breastfeeding the baby for the very first time, CPS removed the newborn from her custody. She never left the hospital with her baby.

The charges were domestic violence, medical marijuana use and allegedly low birth weight. Except Melinda had a note from her obstetrician recommending the use of medical marijuana due to low appetite, and the labor was induced early, which contributed to the low birth weight.

And though Melinda had been the victim of domestic violence by the father, there had not yet been any incidents in which the baby was exposed to domestic violence.

Read the full article at San Francisco BayView.

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com.

Medical Kidnapping: A Threat to Every Family in America T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton!

Order here!

Medical Kidnapping is REAL!

See: Medical Kidnapping: A Threat to Every Family in America Today

Help spread the awareness of Medical Kidnapping by wearing the Medical Kidnapping t-shirt!

Support the cause of MedicalKidnap.com, which is part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43895,"by Shaun Doyle

Creation Ministries International

Beneficial mutations are often seen as the engine of evolution (Mutations: evolution’s engine becomes evolution’s end!). However, beneficial mutations by themselves don’t solve the problem (see Beetle Bloopers). Mutations not only have to be beneficial, but they have to add biological information, i.e. specified complexity. However, practically all beneficial mutations observed have been losses of specified complexity (The evolution train’s a-comin’), with only a few disputable examples of mutations increasing information ever found (e.g. bacteria that digest nylon, citrate or xylitol).

Epistasis: how do mutations interact?

However, mutations need to be more than beneficial and information-increasing to produce new coordinated structures and systems, as microbes-to-man evolution requires. Mutations don’t act alone; the effect of a mutation on an organism’s phenotype depends on other genes, and mutations in those genes, in the genome. This is called epistasis; it is an important consideration for evolution because how mutations interact will determine if they could possibly build new structures in a stepwise manner.

For microbes-to-man evolution to occur, mutations need to be not just (specified) information-increasing and beneficial, they also need to work together. This also has to be the main dominant trend in adaptive evolution so that the mutations can together produce new biological structures and systems. This phenomenon is called synergistic epistasis (SE), where the combined effect of mutations is greater together than the sum of their individual effects. This is obviously a good situation for beneficial mutations, but very bad for harmful mutations. In harmful mutations, SE can result in synthetic lethality1, where the combined effects of several harmful mutations are compounded by each other’s presence, resulting in such a bad effect that it kills the organism.2 So evolution needs SE to be common only in beneficial mutations; it works against evolution when it occurs in harmful mutations.

Read the Full Article here: http://creation.com/antagonistic-epistasis",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43793,"Health Impact News

The Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, issued a report on the effectiveness of the FDA to monitor drug safety. Their conclusion: “FDA LACKS COMPREHENSIVE DATA TO DETERMINE WHETHER RISK EVALUATION AND MITIGATION STRATEGIES IMPROVE DRUG SAFETY.”

From the report:

WHY WE DID THIS STUDY

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requires manufacturers to submit structured plans, known as Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS), for drugs associated with known or potential risks that may outweigh the drugs’ benefits. If FDA does not properly monitor REMS’ performance, it cannot ensure that the public is provided maximum protection from a drug’s known or potential risks. However, FDA does not have the authority to require, but may request, drug manufacturers (i.e., sponsors) to submit specific information regarding REMS’ effectiveness.

WHAT WE FOUND

FDA approved 199 REMS between 2008 and 2011, 99 of which were still required in 2012. Nearly half of sponsor assessments for the 49 REMS we reviewed did not include all information requested in FDA assessment plans, and 10 were not submitted to FDA within required timeframes. FDA determined that 7 of the 49 REMS we reviewed met all of their goals. However, FDA has not identified reliable methods to assess the effectiveness of REMS. Finally, FDA’s assessment review times exceeded its goal of 60 days for all but one sponsor assessment, which reduces sponsors’ time to make suggested changes before submitting subsequent assessments.

Examples of drugs requiring REMS are brand-name pharmaceuticals like varenicline (Chantix), oxycodone (Oxycontin), and rosiglitazone (Avandia), the report noted. Those medications are associated with heightened risks for suicidal thoughts and actions, addiction, and myocardial infarction.

How is this not headline news in the “mainstream” media??

Read the report for yourself here.

Comment from Deb on Facebook: As a hospice nurse, I have known this for a very long time. When we discontinue some medications as people come on hospice, they get BETTER. It’s also quite obvious that a lot of symptoms people have are side effects of the medications they were on and no one ever educated them about what to look for. People don’t read the information that comes with their meds. A lot of the language is not written for the average person, and people think that if their doctor prescribes something, it has to be safe. Not so.

Free Shipping Available for this book!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
25038,"Mississippi Parents for Vaccine Rights [1]

HERE IS WHAT’S GOING ON & HOW YOU CAN HELP:

MPVR bill to amend Mississippi’s 41 year old rigid vaccine law will be dropped in the house and senate this coming week. The bill we are intoducing will allow parents in Mississippi the option of a philosophical vaccine exemption.

To be clear, we are not anti-vaccine; we are pro-parental rights and believe parents, not the government, should decide if, when and how a child should be vaccinated without being denied daycare or a public or private education.

48 other states have the right to choose, and we are fighting for that right for Mississippians as well. Current MS law was written in 1972 when children received 4-10 inoculations. Today, if children follow the CDCs recommended vaccine schedule they will receive 49 doses of 15 vaccines by age 6, beginning with the risky (according to the package insert) HepB shot on the first day of life.

In 2011 MS granted only 16 kindergarteners a medical exemption. Our 5 neighboring states averaged 149 medical exemptions to kindergarten students that same year. There are families suffering in our state because of bureaucrats at the DOH in jackson denying real medical exemptions. It is already nearly impossible to find a Dr. in MS to write one because they are mostly denied.

Those same 5 neighboring states have religious and/or philosophical exemptions for which less than half of one percent of kindergarteners in 2011 were filed. The idea that passing such an exemption in MS would lead to low vaccine compliance is simply false. Add that to the fact that MS is not an island and the entire adult population is walking around unvaccinated and there goes the argument against our desire for a philosophical exemption.

There are Mississippi families hurting as a result of our rigid vaccine law. Today’s vaccine schedule is so many so soon and I fear the continuing addition of more and more mandates.

Representative Sam Mims of McComb is the chairman of the house health committee and we have yet to gain his support. Rep. Mims has been receiving steady calls from all over the state since this summer. He has received many, many calls from his constituents along the way as well asking for his support. He is in the position to either bring our bill up in his committee for a vote or ‘kill’ it before even being heard, which would be a great injustice considering the support the bill has in the state and the calls, postcards and emails he has received from constituents asking him to represent them.

The same is true of Senator Terry Burton of Newton, the chairman of the senate health sub-committee that Senator Dean Kirby of Pearl (who has voiced support) will be sending our bill to.

**If you believe parents, not the government, should have the fundamental human right to determine which medical procedures are preformed on their child, you need to voice that to these two men:

Representative Sam Mims:

Home- 601.684.0281

Office- 601.359.3320

smims@house.ms.gov

Senator Terry Burton:

Home- 601-683-7050

Work- 601-683-6695

Office- 601-359-3234

tburton@senate.ms.gov

Representative Becky Currie, a registered nurse from Brookhaven, is the only medical professional on the house health committee. Rep. Currie’s support could be very influential.

Represenative Becky Currie:

Home- 601.833.5953

Office- 601.359.5334

bcurrie@house.ms.gov

These legislators are public servants who were elected by the people to represent the people. They are all very easy to talk to!

You better believe big pharma is in their ear, as pharmaceutical companies spend more money on lobbying than even oil companies do!

Make the calls or send emails…you will feel SO GOOD about being proactive to protect MS children from perhaps the most rigid vaccine law in the country.

Mississippi Parents for Vaccine Rights Facebook Page [2]

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

[3]

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info [3]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32746,"by Chin (from Singapore)

HealingWell.com

For over 5 years my husband have had swallowing difficulties. Initially it was solids then semi-liquids and cold liquids. He would experienced chest pain and frequently had to regurgitate to relieve the pain. Though we never get a proper diagnosis for his disease, I believe he has Achalasia.

I’ve decided to include coconut oil into my husband’s diet as in my course of work, MCT oil (found in coconut oil) were also given to premature babies to supplement their feeding or babies with GERD. My husband started with 2 tablespoon of ORGANIC Virgin Coconut Oil on 2 June 2012. In slightly over 2 weeks he was able to eat and swallow comfortably without any choking episodes, no regurgitation of food because he said he can feel the food moving down into the stomach.

I urge you all to read all you can about the miracle of coconut oil and have it into your diet soon.

Read all the comments: http://www.healingwell.com/community/default.aspx?f=8&m=2452557

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32644,"by Monica Amarelo

Environmental Working Group

Excerpts:

Strawberries remain at the top of the Dirty Dozen™ list of the EWG Shopper’s Guide to Pesticides in Produce™, with spinach jumping to second place in the annual ranking of conventionally grown produce with the most pesticide residues.

EWG’s analysis of tests by the U.S. Department of Agriculture found that nearly 70 percent of samples of 48 types of conventional produce were contaminated with residues of one or more pesticides. USDA researchers found a total of 178 different pesticides and pesticide breakdown products on the thousands of produce samples they analyzed. The pesticide residues remained on fruits and vegetables even after they were washed and, in some cases, peeled.

“Even low levels of pesticide exposure can be harmful to infants, babies and young children, so when possible, parents and caregivers should take steps to lower children’s exposures to pesticides while still feeding them diets rich in healthy fruits and vegetables,” said Dr. Philip Landrigan of the Mt. Sinai School of Medicine.

For the Dirty Dozen list, EWG singled out produce with the highest loads of pesticide residues. In addition to strawberries and spinach, this year’s list includes nectarines, apples, peaches, celery, grapes, pears, cherries, tomatoes, sweet bell peppers and potatoes.

Each of these foods tested positive for a number of different pesticide residues and contained higher concentrations of pesticides than other produce. Pears and potatoes were new additions to the Dirty Dozen, displacing cherry tomatoes and cucumbers from last year’s list.

Read the full article here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23817,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News

Health Impact News has been a leader in the alternative media publishing research and testimonials supporting the positive use of coconut oil with people suffering from Alzheimer’s Disease. These remarkable stories of families seeing dramatic improvement from Alzheimer’s and dementia are documented at CoconutOil.com. In many cases, adding several spoonfuls of coconut oil a day to the diet of one suffering from Alzheimer’s and dementia has resulted in memories returning, the ability to once again converse with friends and loved ones, etc. (Read the testimonials.)

However, pharma-based physicians and groups have largely condemned the use of coconut oil, stating that all the evidence is “anecdotal,” lacking peer-reviewed scientific research. Of course coconut oil is a natural food, with virtually no risk or side effects, and funding for research on a natural food is difficult to come by when no product can be patented as a result of the research, such as lucrative pharmaceutical drugs. As we have stated in the past, the lack of scientific research on coconut oil and Alzheimer’s should not stop people from trying it.

Some are taking notice and beginning to publish studies, however, so the claim that coconut oil improving Alzheimer’s lacks scientific support may not be true much longer. A clinical trial in Spain was published this month (December 2015) studying the effects of coconut oil on Alzheimer’s, and the results were very promising. Another study in Florida is in process and should be published in 2016.

Spanish Study Sees Improvement in Alzheimer’s Disease Using Coconut Oil

The Spanish clinical trial involved following Alzheimer’s patients of varying ages and genders with and without diabetes diagnoses to determine if coconut oil consumption had any effect on reducing their different levels of Alzheimer’s cognitive dysfunction.

They used cognitive testing on both control and intervention groups before and after the clinical trial to determine changes. The intervention group was fed 40 ml of coconut oil daily, which comes to about 2.7 tablespoons.

The researchers noted among the intervention group fed coconut oil:

a statistically significant increase in test score … and therefore an improvement in cognitive status, improving especially women’s, those without diabetes mellitus type II, and severe patients.

The Spanish researchers concluded:

this study, although preliminary, demonstrated the positive influence of coconut oil at the cognitive level of patients with Alzheimer’s, this improvement being dependent on sex, presence or absence of diabetes and degree of dementia.

Alzheimer’s Drugs a Huge Failure

Seniors diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease represent a huge market for pharmaceutical companies, as Alzheimer’s disease is increasing rapidly, affecting many millions of seniors. Pharmaceutical companies are anxious to tap into this market, and several pharmaceutical companies are currently trying to develop an Alzheimer’s vaccine.

In the history of drug marketing, the single most successful drug to ever hit the market was a drug targeted at seniors: Lipitor, the statin drug designed to lower cholesterol levels.

Lipitor has since had its patent expire, allowing cheaper statin generics to come into the market. But during its strongest years in sales, Lipitor almost outsold all other pharmaceutical drugs combined, making it the most profitable drug in history.

Today, about one out of every four Americans over the age of 55 is taking a statin drug. So this age group is a very lucrative market for the pharmaceutical companies, who would desperately like to have a successful Alzheimer’s drug or vaccine be approved for sale.

For more information see:

For a round-table discussion on coconut oil and Alzheimer’s between 5 doctors, Gary Taubes and Robb Wolf see:

Some Testimonials

Coconut Oil Reverses Alzheimer’s in Woman Married for 45 Years

Man 86 with Very Last Stage of Pick’s Dementia is Recovering Personality and Physical Health after Starting Coconut Oil Alzheimer’s

“45 years of prayers being answered” with mother diagnosed with mental illness, and father with Alzheimer’s, after starting Coconut Oil

Alzheimer’s Association Warns Against Coconut Oil – Member Replies “Coconut Oil Gave us our Father Back!”

Mother with Severe Vascular Dementia More Aware of Daughter after Starting Coconut Oil

Woman with Dementia Sees Improved Memory and Better Conversation Skills after Starting Coconut Oil

Coconut Oil Reverses the Effects of Alzheimer’s in 50 Year Old Woman

Man in his 80s with “severe dementia” returning to old self after starting coconut oil

Coconut Oil Reverses Dementia in 100 Year Old Woman Alzheimer’s Weekly

Woman with End-stage Alzheimer’s Sees Improvement in One Week after Starting Coconut Oil

Can God Use Facebook to Answer Prayers?

What Coconut Oil Does For Mom

Coconut Oil Lifts Brain Fog and Stops Memory Loss for 65 Year Old Women

Alzheimer’s and Coconut Oil: How coconut oil gave me back my brain

Canadian Man Swears by Coconut Oil as Alzheimer’s Remedy

Comment on this article on CoconutOil.com

Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease

A Holistic Guide to Geriatric Care – eBook

In this book we look at the problems and causes of Alzheimer’s as they are related to an epidemic of prescription drugs being marketed to seniors, and we look at the strong evidence for dietary intervention, starting with coconut oil.

We bring you the stories of 10 different families who saw Alzheimer’s lessened or reversed by adding coconut oil to their diet, which is representative of thousands of others who are experiencing similar results. We offer guidelines on usage and types of coconut oil to consider, as well as other non-drug tips for holistic geriatric care.

Our target audience is the millions of caregivers out there loving caring for our senior population who will find it difficult to get this information from their doctors or medical professionals not trained in these areas.

Read Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease on your mobile device!

$$1.99

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24700,"by Kris Gunnars

Authority Nutrition

A few months ago, I read a book called The Art and Science of Low-Carbohydrate Living.

The authors are two of the world’s leading researchers on low-carb diets.

Dr. Jeff S. Volek is a Registered Dietitian and Dr. Stephen D. Phinney is a medical doctor.

These guys have performed many studies and have treated thousands of patients with a low-carb diet.

According to them, there are many stumbling blocks that people tend to run into, which can lead to adverse effects and suboptimal results.

To get into full-blown ketosis and reap all the metabolic benefits of low-carb, merely cutting back on the carbs isn’t enough.

If you haven’t gotten the results you expected on a low-carb diet, then perhaps you were doing one of these 5 common mistakes.

1. Eating Too Many Carbs

There is no clear definition of exactly what constitutes a “low carb diet.”

Some would call anything under 100-150 grams per day low-carb, which is definitely a lot less than the standard Western diet.

A lot of people could get awesome results within this carbohydrate range, as long as they ate real, unprocessed foods.

But if you want to get into ketosis, with plenty of ketoness flooding your bloodstream to supply your brain with an efficient source of energy, then this level of intake may be excessive.

It could take some self experimentation to figure out your optimal range as this depends on a lot of things, but most people will need to go under 50 grams per day to get into full-blown ketosis.

This doesn’t leave you with many carb options except vegetables and small amounts of berries.

Bottom Line: If you want to get into ketosis and reap the full metabolic benefits of low-carb, going under 50 grams of carbs per day may be required.

2. Eating Too Much Protein

Protein is a very important macronutrient, which most people aren’t getting enough of.

It can improve satiety and increase fat burning compared to other macronutrients.

Generally speaking, more protein should lead to weight loss and improved body composition.

However, low-carb dieters who eat a lot of lean animal foods can end up eating too much of it.

When you eat more protein than your body needs, some of the amino acids in the protein will be turned into glucose via a process called gluconeogenesis.

This can become a problem on very low-carb, ketogenic diets and prevent your body from going into full-blown ketosis.

According to Volek and Phinney, a “well-formulated” low-carb diet should be low-carb, high-fat and moderate protein.

A good range to aim for is 1.5 – 2.0 grams per kilogram of bodyweight, or 0.7 – 0.9 grams per pound.

Bottom Line: Protein can be turned into glucose via a process called gluconeogenesis and excessive protein consumption can prevent you from getting into ketosis.

3. Being Afraid of Eating Fat

Most people get the majority of their calories from dietary carbohydrates, especially sugars and grains.

When you remove this energy source from the diet, you must replace it with something or you will starve.

Unfortunately, some people believe that because low-carb is a good idea, then low-fat AND low-carb will be even better. This is a big mistake.

You need to get energy from somewhere and if you don’t eat carbs, then you MUST add in fat to compensate. If you don’t, you will get hungry, feel like crap and eventually give up on the plan.

There’s no scientific reason to fear fat, as long as you choose healthy fats like saturated, monounsaturated and Omega-3s while keeping the vegetable oils to a minimum and eliminating trans fats.

Personally, my fat intake hovers comfortably around 50-60% of total calories when I strictly stick to a low-carb plan. According to Volek and Phinney, fat around 70% of total calories may be even better.

To get fat into this range, you must choose fatty cuts of meat and liberally add healthy fats like butter, lard, coconut and olive oil to your meals.

Bottom Line: A very low-carb diet must be high in fat, otherwise you won’t be getting enough energy to sustain yourself.

4. Not Replenishing Sodium

One of the main mechanisms behind low-carb diets is a reduction in insulin levels.

Insulin has many functions in the body, such as telling fat cells to store fat.

But another thing that insulin does is to tell the kidneys to hold on to sodium.

On a low-carb diet, your insulin levels go down and your body starts shedding excess sodium and water along with it. This is why people often get rid of excess bloat within a few days of low-carb eating.

However, sodium is a crucial electrolyte in the body and this can become problematic when the kidneys dump too much of it.

This is one of the main reasons people get side effects on low-carb diets… such as lightheadedness, fatigue, headaches and even constipation.

The best way to circumvent this issue is to add more sodium to your diet. You can do this by adding more salt to your foods, but if that doesn’t suffice then you can drink a cup of broth every day.

I personally like adding a bouillon cube into a cup of hot water, then drinking it like a soup in a cup. It actually tastes really good and supplies 2 grams of sodium.

Bottom Line: Low-carb diets lower insulin levels, which makes the kidneys excrete excess sodium from the body. This can lead to a mild sodium deficiency.

5. Not Being Patient

Your body is designed to preferentially burn carbs, if they are available. So if they’re always available, that’s what your body chooses to use for energy.

If you drastically cut back on carbohydrates, the body needs to shift to the other energy source… fat, which either comes from your diet or your body fat stores.

It can take a few days for the body to adapt to burning primarily fat instead of carbs, during which you will probably feel a little under the weather.

This is called the “low carb flu” and happens to most people.

In my experience, this can take about 3-4 days, but full adaptation can take several weeks.

So it’s important to be patient and be strict on your diet in the beginning so that this metabolic adaptation can take place.

Bottom Line: It can take a few days to get past the “low-carb flu” stage and several weeks for full adaptation to a low-carb diet. It is important to be patient.

Take Home Message

I personally believe low-carb diets to be a potential cure for some of the world’s biggest health problems, including obesity and type II diabetes. This is well supported by science.

However, just cutting back on carbs isn’t enough to get optimal results.

Read the full article and comment here: http://authoritynutrition.com/5-most-common-low-carb-mistakes/



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17335,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

Health Impact has presented a great deal of material thoroughly explaining the dangers of statin drugs and the wrong information that has been publicized regarding saturated fats and cholesterol over the years. In a nutshell, the cholesterol-saturated fat lipid theory of heart disease is false, and not supported by science. Statin drugs are harmful, and cholesterol is necessary for brain and hormone health. (1) (2)

Review some of that material linked to the first two sources below, (1) (2), if you have any doubts or your not familiar with the statin hoax and the cholesterol myth. But if you’re convinced that modern medical heart health dogma misses the mark, you should know about inexpensive and effective natural solutions, starting with the least known suppressed protocol.

The Pauling Therapy: A Threat to Pharmaceutical Products

Two time Nobel Laureate Linus Pauling was a PhD biochemist who was big on supplements, especially vitamin C. In 1992, at age 91 toward the end of his life, Pauling had teamed up with Dr. Mathias Rath to produce a paper on their findings regarding the essential missing link for human heart health, called A Unified Theory of Human Cardiovascular Disease Leading the Way to the Abolition of This Disease as a Cause for Human Mortality. (3)

One may think this would be happily accepted by the medical establishment. At first it was, but then later it was rejected. Subsequent Pauling-Rath study proposals to the NIH (National Institutes of Health) were rejected. If something so accessible and inexpensive could remove a majority of CVD (cardiovascular disease), it would greatly reduce a lot of medical and pharmaceutical business.

Most animals produce their own vitamin C endogenously. Humans, unfortunately, do not have this gene. Scurvy was a common disease until 18th Century British Naval physician James Lind discovered vitamin C from citrus fruits prevented scurvy for sailors on long voyages.

Linus Pauling looked at weakened arteries as a form of low level or sub-clinical scurvy and realized the importance of ascorbic acid vitamin C for healing internal arterial wall damage, where the inflammation occurs. Inflammation is what more are now recognizing as the real source of arteriosclerosis and CVD.

Well, if cholesterol clogging is not the primary source of CVD anymore than firemen arriving on the scene of a fire caused the fire, then what? First of all, cholesterol is the same waxy substance that helps build cell walls, brain matter, and hormones. Without cholesterol in (not on) our skin, there would be no conversion of sunlight into vitamin D3. That’s where this conversion begins.

The waxy material called cholesterol is physically all the same. What differs are the proteins called lipoproteins that serve as transport carriers for cholesterol where it’s needed. Some are lighter and less dense while others are more dense and heavier.

The “bad” cholesterol is LDL or low density lipoproteins while mainstream medicine considers HDL (high density lipoprotein) benign or even “good” cholesterol. But the physiological nature of all cholesterol is the same. Only the protein carriers vary.

The real instigator of arterial plaque that is now recognized by a handful of out-of-the-box cardiologists is a sub-particle of LDL known as Lp(a). This tiny particle is able to slip under the sub-clinical scurvy weakened epithelial surface of the inner arterial walls and start collecting fibrous matter while inhibiting the plasmin enzyme production that serves to dissolve clotting.

The Lp(a) is temporary fix to prevent blood escaping through artery walls weakened by vitamin C deficiency. Then the plaque begins to accumulate. It’s almost like a scab developing from a wound on our skin’s surface. If it’s removed too soon, the wound opens again. But if the scab remains inside the arteries it may build up more.

The Pauling Therapy: Simple, Effective, Inexpensive, and Safe

The Pauling Therapy consists of supplementing fairly high doses of vitamin C ascorbate (ascobic acid) with similar dosage amounts of the amino acid Lysine. A smaller amount of proline can be used as well, but the original formula calls for almost equal amounts of ascorbic acid and the amino acid lysine.

The Pauling Therapy addresses the scab removal quandary completely with the following mechanical processes:

The ascorbic acid vitamin C acts to strengthen and elasticize damaged or inflamed arteries by promoting collagen production; the lysine removes Lp(a) from the damaged epithelial artery walls and prevents more Lp(a) from accumulating and collecting fibrin. Both the C and lysine are essential and administered simultaneously.

Dr. Joseph Mercola suggests that the medical industry suppresses the Pauling Therapy because they have nothing in their pharmaceutical arsenal that will remove Lp(a) even though they’ve begun to accept this lipoproteine as the primary villain. (4)

Lysine is inexpensive and cannot be patented since it is a naturally occurring. Ditto for vitamin C. But the Pauling Therapy has been patented ensuring it remains as is without tampering and costing only the supplements’ prices.

For CVD prevention or maintenance, Pauling recommends two grams (2000 mg) of lysine with 3 grams (3000 mg) of ascorbic acid. As a therapy for acute existing CVD conditions, twice as much or more is recommended. Dosages can be divided and spread out over the day depending on one’s ascorbic acid bowel tolerance.

From Linus Pauling’s last interview “I think we can get almost complete control of cardiovascular disease, heart attacks and strokes by the proper use of (vitamin C and lysine) … even cure it.” (5)

There are many CVD patient Pauling Therapy testimonies as well as statements from MDs available from this source.

Herbal Heart Health Remedies

The late Master Herbalist Dr. John Christopher was nicknamed Dr. Cayenne because he focused so much on it as a CVD preventative and remedy. Dr. Richard Schulze, a contemporary herbalist asserts if there is one herb that you should master it is cayenne.

Cayenne powder that is not irradiated (pasteurized) or tinctures should be a minimum of 45,000 Scoville Heat Units (SHU) or simply heat units. Mix it into purified water, a half glass is enough. Start with a quarter teaspoon twice daily and work up to a full teaspoon at the same rate. Very inexpensive, but not so easy for those of us who aren’t too fond of spicy foods.

Cayenne powder is an undervalued cardiovascular and heart tonic. Some alternative health journalists or specialists carry a small cayenne tincture with them just in case of a sudden heart or bleeding problem.

Then there is Hawthorne Berry. The Chinese have been using it as a heart tonic tea for centuries. Herbalists in Western countries since the 1800s. It’s a favorite of Shane Ellison “The People’s Chemist” as part of his heart health formula. It has somewhat of a bitter taste that doesn’t challenge the heat sensitive.

According to the University of Maryland Medical Center: “One study found that hawthorn extract (900 mg/day) taken for 2 months was as effective as low doses of captopril (a prescription heart medication) in improving symptoms of heart failure.” (6) By the way, it is safer than pharmaceutical heart medications.

Any combination of these three alternative heart health options or even just one can be used within anyone’s budget. Their side effects promote other health issues instead causing more medical problems.

Sources:

1. https://healthimpactnews.com/tag/statins/

2. https://healthimpactnews.com/tag/cholesterol/

3. http://orthomolecular.org/library/jom/1992/pdf/1992-v07n01-p005.pdf

4. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2001/03/28/linus-pauling.aspx

5. http://www.paulingtherapy.com/

6. http://umm.edu/health/medical/altmed/herb/hawthorn",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23895,"The December 2016 meeting of the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines and the Department of Justice report on cases settled for vaccine injuries and deaths reveals that vaccines produced and distributed in the United States carry great risks and cause harm in many people. The American public is largely unaware that there is a vaccine court known as the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (NVICP). This program was started as a result of a law passed in 1986 that gave pharmaceutical companies total legal immunity from being sued due to injuries and deaths resulting from vaccines. Drug manufacturers in the vaccine business can now create as many new vaccines as they desire, with no risk of being sued if their product causes injury or death. This has resulted in a huge increase of vaccines entering the market, and the U.S. government, through the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), is the largest purchaser of these vaccines, spending in excess of $$4 billion taxpayer dollars each year to purchase these vaccines. If you or a family member is injured or dies from vaccines, you must sue the federal government in this special vaccine court. Many cases are litigated for years before a settlement is reached. The most recent report was issued on December 2, 2016 which covered the period from 8/16/16 – 11/15/16. 222 cases were adjudicated. 131 of them were listed in the report. 98 of the 131 cases settled were for injuries involving the flu vaccine, making the flu vaccine the most dangerous vaccine in the U.S., harming more people than all the other vaccines combined.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24319,"by Kelly Patricia O’Meara

Citizens Commission on Human Rights International

Sign the Petition for Federal Investigation into relationship between school shootings and psychiatric drugs. [1]

[2]Photo Caption (left): Click image to read CCHR’s full report—Another School Shooting, Another Psychiatric Drug? Federal investigation long overdue

In the coming days, as a nation, we will respectfully bow our heads for those brief moments of silence in remembrance of the victims of Newtown, Ct. Then, with the same outrage expressed at the murderous act, the nation must rise up and demand a sweeping investigation behind all the possible causes, including the mental health system itself.

According to news reports, the Sandy Hook shooter, Adam Lanza, was a product of the mental health system and had been taking “medication” since the age of ten and reportedly seeing a psychiatrist from at least the age of 15. Lanza’s mother reportedly told friends that Lanza “was getting worse” and “she was having trouble reaching him.” The questions that need to be answered is when did Adam Lanza first receive mental health treatment, what diagnoses did he receive and what drugs had he been prescribed over his short life.

The larger question is how many times does this senseless scenario have to play out before lawmakers finally acknowledge that the supporting data already exist and, to date, has repeatedly and deliberately been ignored. Between 1998 and 2012, fourteen school shootings occurred, taking the lives of 58 and wounding 109 [3]. All fourteen of those shooters were taking or withdrawing from a psychiatric drug and seven of them had been under the “care” of a psychiatrist or psychologist.

In other mass shootings, such as James Holmes, the suspected perpetrator of the July 20, 2012 mass shooting at a movie theatre in Aurora, Colorado, it is known that Holmes was seeing psychiatrist Lynne Fenton, yet no mention has been made of what psychiatric drugs he had been prescribed.

The majority of these shooters had been prescribed psychiatric mind-altering drugs that had not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration, FDA, for treatment of children under the age of 18. Yet, antidepressants are at the top of the list of drugs indicted in these shootings, including Prozac, Trazodone, Effexor, Celexa and Luvox, to name a few.

[4]And, a recent study reviewing the FDA’s adverse drug event data reveals that “the data provide new evidence that acts of violence towards others are a genuine and serious adverse drug event that is associated with a relatively small group of drugs. Varenicline, which increases the availability of dopamine, and serotonin reuptake inhibitors were the most strongly and consistently implicated drugs.” In other words, antidepressants are the consistently implicated drugs.

There is no question that psychiatric drugs cause violence as 22 international drug regulatory warnings have been issued on psychiatric drugs citing effects such as mania, hostility, violence and even homicidal ideation. [2] Dozens of high profile shootings/killings have been tied to psychiatric drug use, yet there has been no federal investigation into the link between psychiatric drugs and acts of senseless violence.

Each of these psychiatric drug “treatments” carry the FDA’s Black-box warning, the federal agency’s most serious warning, which reads in part: “Antidepressants increased the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior (suicidality) in short-term studies in children and adolescents with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and other psychiatric disorders.” Despite the FDA’s warning, these psychiatric drugs are prescribed to children between the ages of 12-17 at a rate of one in 25.

But the data gets much worse, and certainly it is information that is available to those who are in a position to effect the change that is way past necessary. For example, 11 percent of the U.S. population over the age of 12 is taking at least one antidepressant, nine out of ten children who visit a child psychiatrist leave with a prescription for a mind-altering drug and, even more outrageous, 1 in 70 preschoolers are taking a psychiatric drug. These are the same drugs name in the above study.

And these data only deal with the ever-increasing drugging of the nation’s children. It is a sad but true fact that while the U.S. comprises only five percent of the world’s population, it consumes two-thirds of the world’s use of psychiatric drugs. The reason behind these insane numbers can be directly linked to the increased diagnosing of mental illness.

[2]Photo Caption (left): Click image for CCHR’s Report on Psychiatric Drugs and School Shootings.

The truth is, without the diagnosis these psychiatric drugs cannot be prescribed. Even the muckety-mucks of psychiatry understand the detrimental power of the mental illness diagnoses. Dr. Allen J. Frances, a former chairman of the American Psychiatric Association’s DSM-IV-R Task Force revealed in a recent op-ed that “new diagnoses in psychiatry are more dangerous than new drugs because they influence whether or not millions of people are placed on drugs….”

Today, the numbers of American’s being diagnosed as mentally ill is skyrocketing. Each year $$100 billion is spent on mental health in the U.S. and in 2006, alone, psychiatric disorders cost 200 percent more than general medical care. And, the pharmaceutical industry isn’t shy about cashing in on the diagnosing, racking up $$150 billion dollars in sales of mind-altering psychiatric drugs in 2009 – half of all prescription sales in the U.S.

There is no shortage of data to support the connection between psychiatric drugs and violence. What is missing is a serious discussion about the effect the mental health industry is having on the national well-being. More than a decade ago, a few insightful lawmakers in New York understood the growing problem and introduced what can only be described as groundbreaking legislation.

New York Senate Bill 1784, introduced in 2001 by then Senator Owen H. Johnson, would require law enforcement agencies in New York to collect data on certain violent crimes and what, if any, psychiatric drugs [5] the offender may have been on during the commission of the crime.

The bill’s authors had done their homework and based the need for the legislation on research “which has been published in peer reviewed publications such as the American Journal of Psychiatry, the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and the Journal of Forensic Science, has shown, among other things that: certain drugs can induce mania, some patients on psychotropic drugs have an increase in suicidal thoughts and/or violent behavior, self-injurious ideation or behavior is intensified, users of certain drugs can become aggressive or suffer hallucinations and/or suicidal thoughts and certain drugs can produce an acute psychotic reaction.”

Although this bill did not make it out of committee, no part of the information provided in it, or the call for swift action, has changed. If anything, these legislators were ahead of their time. But with more than a decade of increasing violent acts associated with psychiatric drugs, there is no better time to take action.

Short of a serious investigation into the ever-increasing diagnosing of mental illness and the connection between psychiatric drugs and violence, the nation will continue to relive the tragic events of Newtown…Aurora, Co, Columbine, Co, and dozens more over the past decade, and those who are in the position to effect change and fail to do so should hang their head in shame.

[4]Photo Caption (left): O’Meara was the first investigative journalist to expose the link between school shootings and psychiatric drugs in her 1999 cover story, Guns & Doses – CLICK IMAGE to read article.

Kelly Patricia O’Meara is an award winning investigative reporter for the Washington Times, Insight Magazine, penning dozens of articles exposing the fraud of psychiatric diagnosis and the dangers of the psychiatric drugs – including her ground-breaking 1999 cover story, Guns & Doses, exposing the link between psychiatric drugs and acts of senseless violence. She is also the author of the highly acclaimed book, Psyched Out: How Psychiatry Sells Mental Illness and Pushes Pills that Kill. [6] Prior to working as an investigative journalist, O’Meara spent sixteen years on Capitol Hill as a congressional staffer to four Members of Congress. She holds a B.S. in Political Science from the University of Maryland.

[4] Read the full article here: http://www.cchrint.org/2012/12/18/connecticut-shooting-failed-mental-health-system/



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47234,"by Brian Shilhavy

Founder, Tropical Traditions

2016 looks to be a very promising year for our new Healthy Traditions product line.

In late 2015, Tropical Traditions stopped carrying the USDA certified organic seal on all of their own products. Replacing the USDA organic standards is a new, more rigorous standard of classifying the types of products Tropical Traditions sells to the public. It is not a new standard for Tropical Traditions, as the new logos and product standards implemented reflect our values and quality of food that we have offered to the public since we started selling products in the United States in 2002.

USDA Organic Standards Allows for Some Presence of GMOs, Herbicides, and Pesticides

We made the decision to not continue certifying our products as USDA Organic late in 2014, when we discovered that most of the USDA Organic grains we were selling to our customers had residue amounts of glyphosate, the active ingredient in popular herbicides, the most well-known being Round-up, the #1 herbicide in the world. See:

Tropical Traditions has a ZERO tolerance level for GMOs, herbicides, and pesticides, and since the USDA National Organic Program (NOP) allows small residue amounts of pesticides and herbicides approved by the EPA for conventional crops to be present in USDA Organic certified products, we knew that we had to develop our own standards to both use in purchasing products directly from producers, as well as to educate our consumers on our own values and standards.

The Healthy Traditions Standards

[3]

Traditionally Produced is our highest standard. When you see the “Traditionally Produced” logo, this carries our Gold Label standard of traditionally produced food, far exceeding “organic” or “non-GMO” standards.

For foods to be considered “Traditionally Produced” they must have a “traditional” history in the food chain. New foods that have been introduced into the food chain in the past 65 to 70 years, since the Industrial Revolution, cannot carry the “Traditionally Produced” seal of approval.

Additionally, foods carrying the “Traditionally Produced” seal must also be traceable back to the actual producer. Foods that meet all the standards of “Traditionally Produced” that cannot be directly traced to the producer can still carry our “Healthy Traditions Approved” seal, if they are free from GMO and glyphosate contamination.

For foods that have a risk of contamination from GMO crops and glyphosate, we require each batch to be tested and return a result of “no detection” in order to carry ANY of our seals.

Learn more about Traditionally Produced products here [3].

GMO-tested is a higher standard than non-GMO verified or certified. We test any food that has a GMO equivalent before selling it to you, and we have a ZERO percent GMO tolerance. Other non-GMO verified or certified programs allow some percentage of GMO presence, usually close to 1%. GMO-tested, on the other hand, means we tested for the presence of GMOs, and found NONE – ZERO percent. If we find ANY GMO present, we do NOT sell it.

Learn more about GMO-tested products here [4].

Glyphosate-tested: Unlike the EPA and USDA organic program, we don’t like any glyphosate residue in our food at all. So the Tropical Traditions and Healthy Buyer’s Club product line has a zero tolerance level for glyphosate.

For all grains now, we test every batch for the presence of glyphosate. If we detect any residue present, we don’t sell it. We are also beginning to test other organic products besides grains. We cannot guarantee any food that has been outside is 100% glyphosate-free since glyphosate has even been detected in our rain water now. But we have no allowable limits at all, and so as we test our products, if we find any glyphosate present at all, we will stop selling it.

Learn more about Glyphosate-tested products here [5].

2016 Product Outlook for Healthy Traditions

After finding out in 2014 that some of our products that were USDA certified organic actually had residue amounts of GMOs or the herbicide glyphosate in them, we began a rigorous testing program to have better quality control over our products and minimize the possibility of contamination.

This meant dropping many of our product lines that we sourced from other vendors, as they were either not willing to let us test their products, or they could not assure us that the products we tested would be from the same batches we would purchase from them.

We lost a lot of sales as a result in 2015, as it takes time to develop new producers who are committed to the same high quality of standards that we adhere to in the Healthy Traditions program.

As we look ahead to 2016, we hope to soon have many products back online.

Corn and corn products have been the single most difficult product to source, and we have yet to find sources in the U.S. that consistently test free of GMO contamination. We have secured supplies of GMO-tested and Glyphosate-tested corn from some heirloom growers in remote areas of Mexico, and should soon have corn products available once again.

Other products we should soon have available in the near future, in addition to our wheat and ancient grains which are now available, include almond products, tomato products, our own Apple Cider Vinegar, and rice flour.

To see which products we currently offer via the Healthy Traditions product standards, be sure to visit the Healthy Traditions website [6].

[7]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21942,"The cancer treatment business in the United States is one of the most lucrative businesses in the world, generating well over 100 billion dollars of revenue. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is the only organization authorized to approve medical treatments for cancer, and if your child has cancer and you do not like the choices available, such as toxic chemotherapy drugs, you face losing custody of your child to Child Protection Services for disagreeing with a doctor and the FDA approved cancer treatments. The cancer treatment business is seen as a huge growth market, and it depends on no cures for the market to continue to grow. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life. The medical system's next huge market for cancer growth are vaccines. The first cancer vaccine approved for children was the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) vaccine, Gardasil. As Health Impact News has reported on its Vaccine Impact news site, many thousands of girls in the U.S. and around the world have reported that their lives have been destroyed by this cancer vaccine. The best way one can avoid having their child medically kidnapped is to avoid doctors and hospitals that do not respect parental rights, and seek out the true cancer cures that currently exist, many of them outside of the U.S. To learn more about effective cancer cures, and how to avoid the medical system, sign up for the FREE online summit that starts Tuesday, April 12th.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
51735,"by Sarah Shilhavy

Health Impact News

Getting more coconut oil into your regular meals and drinks can be a bit challenging to those new to the product, but it’s actually a lot easier than you’d think. Coconut oil can be used not only in cooking, baking, and frying, but in drinks both hot and cold. The main problems of the oil clumping into irritating little balls (although some people actually like them!) when added to anything cold, as well as floating around on top of hot drinks, are easily dealt with.

For cold drinks, coconut oil will blend best into something thick like a smoothie or shake. Simply melt down the desired amount of coconut oil needed and pour it into your drink as it is blending in an electric blender, as the tutorial below shows. You’ll also get a delicious recipe if you watch this video:

This method will also work to a certain degree with thinner cold drinks like iced tea or coffee. However, as you probably know, water and oil do not mix, so what you’ll get instead of rather large clumps or total emulsion is a coconut “froth” on top of your drink. Not bad.

For hot drinks, your best friend is going to be a spoon or whisk. Like the cold drinks, you won’t get your drink completely mixed with coconut oil if it does not have a lot of thicker texture, but you can help it along a bit. If you like to add flavor to your teas, mixing coconut oil up with honey beforehand will help the initial oil-quickly-rising-to-the-top issue, but otherwise if that really bothers you, just use a spoon or mini-whisk to periodically mix it back in. If you’re having something like hot chocolate, mix the oil with the dry ingredients first and you’ll have very little issues afterwards.

Ready to get more coconut oil into your daily life? Try one of the healthy, easy, delicious recipes down below (also pictured above) to get started!

Avocado Shake

Avocado, coconut oil, and vanilla make this drink as rich and creamy as a milkshake. Try it with coconut milk (learn how easy it is to make your own here)!

Servings: 2

Preparation Time: 5 minutes

1 avocado

1 1/2 cups milk

1-2 tablespoons raw honey

1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract

5 ice cubes, or as needed

1-4 tablespoons coconut oil, melted

Remove pit and scoop avocado flesh out into a blender. Add remaining ingredients except for coconut oil and begin blending while pouring coconut oil in a steady stream.

Lemon Green Tea with Coconut Oil

High-quality green tea all on its own is already a powerful superfood, but lightly sweetened with raw honey and flavored with coconut oil and fresh lemon juice makes it even better for you.

Servings: 1

Preparation Time: 3 minutes

1 teaspoon raw honey (optional)

1-3 teaspoons coconut oil

1/2 fresh lemon

1 serving green tea, bagged or loose

Water heated to 175 degrees ºF (below boiling)

Mix the honey and coconut oil together in a mug until well mixed. Add tea, water, and lemon juice and steep for 2 minutes or until desired strength is reached",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24367,"[1]

by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

Turmeric is one the most thoroughly researched plants in existence today. Its medicinal properties and components (primarily curcumin [2]) have been the subject of over 5600 peer-reviewed and published biomedical studies [3]. In fact, our five-year long research project on this sacred plant [4] has revealed over 600 potential preventive and therapeutic applications, as well as 175 distinct beneficial physiological effects. This entire database of 1,585 ncbi-hyperlinked turmeric abstracts can be downloaded as a PDF at our Downloadable Turmeric Document [5] page, and acquired either as a retail item or with 200 GMI-tokens, for those of you who are already are members and receive them automatically each month [6].

Given the sheer density of research performed on this remarkable spice, it is no wonder that a growing number of studies have concluded that it compares favorably to a variety of conventional medications, including:

Lipitor/Atorvastatin(cholesterol medication) : A 2008 study published in the journal Drugs in R & D found that a standardized preparation of curcuminoids from Turmeric compared favorably to the drug atorvastatin (trade name Lipitor) on endothelial dysfunction, the underlying pathology of the blood vessels that drives atherosclerosis, in association with reductions in inflammation and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients. [i] [7] [For addition curcumin and ‘high cholesterol’ research [8] – 8 abstracts]

: A 2008 study published in the journal Drugs in R & D found that a standardized preparation of curcuminoids from Turmeric compared favorably to the drug atorvastatin (trade name Lipitor) on endothelial dysfunction, the underlying pathology of the blood vessels that drives atherosclerosis, in association with reductions in inflammation and oxidative stress in type 2 diabetic patients. [i] [For addition – 8 abstracts] Corticosteroids (steroid medications): A 1999 study published in the journal Phytotherapy Research found that the primary polyphenol in turmeric, the saffron colored pigment known as curcumin, compared favorably to steroids in the management of chronic anterior uveitis, an inflammatory eye disease.[ii] [9] A 2008 study published in Critical Care Medicine found that curcumin compared favorably to the corticosteroid drug dexamethasone in the animal model as an alternative therapy for protecting lung transplantation-associated injury by down-regulating inflammatory genes.[iii] [10] An earlier 2003 study published in Cancer Letters found the same drug also compared favorably to dexamethasone in a lung ischaemia-repurfusion injury model.[iv] [11] [for additional curcumin and inflammation [12] research – 52 abstracts]

A 1999 study published in the journal Phytotherapy Research found that the primary polyphenol in turmeric, the saffron colored pigment known as curcumin, compared favorably to steroids in the management of chronic anterior uveitis, an inflammatory eye disease.[ii] A 2008 study published in Critical Care Medicine found that curcumin compared favorably to the corticosteroid drug dexamethasone in the animal model as an alternative therapy for protecting lung transplantation-associated injury by down-regulating inflammatory genes.[iii] An earlier 2003 study published in Cancer Letters found the same drug also compared favorably to dexamethasone in a lung ischaemia-repurfusion injury model.[iv] [for additional research – 52 abstracts] Prozac/Fluoxetine & Imipramine (antidepressants): A 2011 study published in the journal Acta Poloniae Pharmaceutica found that curcumin compared favorably to both drugs in reducing depressive behavior in an animal model.[v] [13] [for additional curcumin and depression [14] research – 5 abstracts]

A 2011 study published in the journal Acta Poloniae Pharmaceutica found that curcumin compared favorably to both drugs in reducing depressive behavior in an animal model.[v] [for additional research – 5 abstracts] Aspirin (blood thinner): A 1986 in vitro and ex vivo study published in the journalArzneimittelforschung found that curcumin has anti-platelet and prostacyclin modulating effects compared to aspirin, indicating it may have value in patients prone to vascular thrombosis and requiring anti-arthritis therapy.[vi] [15] [for additional curcumin and anti-platelet [16] research]

A 1986 in vitro and ex vivo study published in the journalArzneimittelforschung found that curcumin has anti-platelet and prostacyclin modulating effects compared to aspirin, indicating it may have value in patients prone to vascular thrombosis and requiring anti-arthritis therapy.[vi] [for additional research] Anti-inflammatory Drugs : A 2004 study published in the journal Oncogene found that curcumin (as well as resveratrol) were effective alternatives to the drugs aspirin, ibuprofen, sulindac, phenylbutazone, naproxen, indomethacin, diclofenac, dexamethasone, celecoxib, and tamoxifen in exerting anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative activity against tumor cells.[vii] [17] [for additional curcumin and anti-proliferative [18] research – 15 abstracts]

: A 2004 study published in the journal Oncogene found that curcumin (as well as resveratrol) were effective alternatives to the drugs in exerting anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative activity against tumor cells.[vii] [for additional research – 15 abstracts] Oxaliplatin (chemotherapy drug) : A 2007 study published in the International Journal of Cancer found that curcumin compares favorably with oxaliplatin as an antiproliferative agenet in colorectal cell lines.[viii] [19] [for additional curcumin and colorectal cancer [20] research – 52 abstracts]

: A 2007 study published in the International Journal of Cancer found that curcumin compares favorably with oxaliplatin as an antiproliferative agenet in colorectal cell lines.[viii] [for additional research – 52 abstracts] Metformin (diabetes drug): A 2009 study published in the journal Biochemitry and Biophysical Research Community explored how curcumin might be valuable in treating diabetes, finding that it activates AMPK (which increases glucose uptake) and suppresses gluconeogenic gene expression (which suppresses glucose production in the liver) in hepatoma cells. Interestingly, they found curcumin to be 500 times to 100,000 times (in the form known as tetrahydrocurcuminoids(THC)) more potent than metformin in activating AMPK and its downstream target acetyl-CoA carboxylase (ACC). [ix] [21]

Another way in which turmeric and its components reveal their remarkable therapeutic properties is in research on drug resistant- and multi-drug resistant cancers. We have two sections on our site dedicated to researching natural and integrative therapies [22] on these topics, and while there are dozens of substances with demonstrable efficacy against these chemotherapy- and radiation-resistant cancers, curcumin tops both lists:

We have found no less than 54 studies indicating that curcumin can induce cell death or sensitize drug-resistant cancer cell lines to conventional treatment.[x] [25]

We have identified 27 studies on curcumin’s ability to either induce cell death or sensitize multi-drug resistant cancer cell lines to conventional treatment.[xi] [26]

Considering how strong a track record turmeric (curcumin) has, having been used as both food and medicine in a wide range of cultures, for thousands of years, a strong argument can be made for using curcumin as a drug alternative or adjuvant in cancer treatment.

Or, better yet, use certified organic (non-irradiated) turmeric in lower culinary doses on a daily basis so that heroic doses won’t be necessary later in life after a serious disease sets in. Nourishing yourself, rather than self-medicating with ‘nutraceuticals,’ should be the goal of a healthy diet. [learn more at Sayer Ji’s new collaborative project EATomology [27]]

Read the full article here: http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/science-confirms-turmeric-effective-14-drugs [1]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43869,"by Dr. David Stewart

The Chemistry of Essential Oils [1]

What is Proof?

Absolute proof is strictly the domain of logicians. In mathematics, for example, once a theorem is proven it is proven for all time and all circumstances. Mathematical proof is absolute. Mathematics, however, is not science. This is a point about which many are confused. Mathematics is a language used by science, but is not itself a science. Mathematical proof and scientific proof are not the same thing at all.

To see this point more clearly, consider the Pytha­gorean Theorem—a mathematical proof that relates the lengths of the sides (a & b) of a right triangle to the length of its hypotenuse (c). (See the figure above.)

This theorem was proven thousands of years ago once and for all time. We needn’t worry that tomorrow a right triangle may be discovered that disproves the theorem. Neither should we be concerned that the theorem was proven in Greece and, therefore, may or may not apply to the United States or to astronauts on another planet. Proof of the Pythagorean Theorem is absolute—valid for all times and places. In mathematics, once proven is always proven. This is not so in science.

The reason that mathematicians can prove their theorems absolutely is because their universe of mathematics is a creation of human consciousness. The elements of this universe (numbers, functions, vectors, etc.) were all conceived and defined by mathematicians themselves. Therefore, since they created their own universe and, in principle, have knowledge of all of its parts, when they prove a theorem they are assured that the proof will stand for all time and in all places, because in making the proof they were able to consider their entire universe whose complete past, present, and future they know.

To think of it another way, mathematics, as are all systems of logic, is similar to a game with certain elements and rules devised by somebody in an arbitrary, but definite and orderly fashion. Once the game is established, the elements and the rules are not changed. If you change anything, you have a different game. When you prove a mathematical theorem you are merely playing the game as defined by the system of mathematics in which you are engaged. By agreement with other mathematicians, you must make your proof using only the elements and rules laid down for the particular mathematical system in which you are working. If you change the rules then you are not playing the game—you are inventing a new game or a new system of mathematics with different conditions.

Take baseball, for example. The elements of the game are the ball, the bat, the bases, the field, and the players. Among the established rules is that three outs constitute the end of a team’s time up to bat for that inning. Now this is a completely arbitrary rule. It could have been decided that two outs would do it, or five, or seven, but for some reason, three was chosen. If we want to make it something different, then we cannot call it baseball. In any case, once the game begins, the rules remain fixed. In a mathematical sense, you could prove that if one member of your team strikes out, another pops a fly to shortstop, and a third is thrown out on first, your team is finished batting for that inning. This proof would be absolute because it is based upon a finite set of elements and rules that were invented by man. Even if afterwards someone changes the rules and elements so that three outs no longer retires the side up to bat, they will have only changed the game to something else. They will not have affected the absoluteness of your former proof since now, in effect, they are talking about a different game than the one in which you made your proof.

Just as there are many kinds of games, there are many systems of mathematics. In Euclidian Geometry the shortest distance between two points is a straight line. This follows from the manner in which the elements and rules of Euclidian Geometry are defined. In some other systems of geometry the shortest distance between two points is not a straight line. This does not disprove the Euclidian notion any more than citing the case of bowling, where the high score wins, can be used to disprove that the low score wins in golf. The two systems of geometry are entirely different games. All they have in common is that both were fashioned by the human mind.

Mathematics as Evidence of God’s Image in Man

While we have compared various systems of mathematics with various games, this is not to put mathematics in the same category as games. Games are truly arbitrary—products of the whims of their creators and subject to changes by those who play the games over time. Mathe­matics is different. It is not arbitrary and certain fundamentals are not subject to change in time, which is the real reason mathematical proofs stand forever without fear of disproof.

The superficial aspects of mathematics are arbitrary. For example, the choices of how mathematical concepts are represented are arbitrary since these are made by hu­mans. This includes choices such as how to represent the number one—whether in Arabic symbols, Roman numerals, Chi­nese characters, or the hieroglyphics of ancient Egypt. But the concept of “one” is not an arbitrary, man-made choice. It is a fixed principle of God’s universe and remains unchanged regardless of the symbol by which is represented.

Mathematician and physicist, Dr. Edward Close, has pointed out that there is an uncanny correlation between mathematical systems and the observed universe, which gives physics and chemistry their quantitative basis. Close said:

“I think that, as a creation of the human mind, mathematics may well be one of the best indications that man is, indeed, made in God’s image, since this human creation mimics God’s creation—the observable universe—so well. The truth is, that no logical/mathematical system can ever be complete within itself, but must be an expression of something beyond itself. This innate feature of all mathematical systems is the thrust of Godel’s Incompleteness Theo­rem.”

In other words, if God’s infinite consciousness is one of form, structure, and order, then we, as living creations made in his image (as stated in Genesis 1:26-27) would reflect a parallel form, structure, and order in our individualized consciousness. Furthermore, if the projection of God’s consciousness as individualized human consciousness reflects his attributes of form, structure, and order, then all the rest of his creation (as stated in Romans 1:20) would also reflect a parallel form, structure, and order. Thus, when humans create logical systems of form, structure, and order from their own minds (such as a system of mathematics), it is not surprising that such mental constructs would find a close correlation with physical reality, as found in the quantitative sciences.

In Close’s book, Transcendental Physics, he states this concept as follows:

“If primary consciousness (God) has form and structure, it should be reflected, at least partially, in individual consciousness, and in the structure of the physical universe. If all structure is projected from primary consciousness, we can understand why logical structure, thought to originate in human minds, is repeatedly found to apply to the structure of the physical universe. The human mind and the physical universe display the same symmetry and logic because that symmetry and logic underlie all reality in the substance of primary consciousness (God).”

Thus, while mathematical systems, and logical systems of all kinds, are creations of the human mind, they are not as arbitrary as the whimsical creation of games. There is an unseen universal archetype that guides and validates the precepts of mathematics. As stated at the outset of this discussion on “What is Proof?”— Absolute proof is strictly the domain of logicians.

Mathematical proof and scientific proof are not the same thing at all.

What is Scientific Proof?

Scientific proof is not really proof at all, in the mathematical sense, but is either verification or disproof. Since scientists deal with a universe that is not of their own creation, they cannot prove their laws absolutely as can mathematicians. Although scientists use the term “scientific proof,” and I may use it in this book, what we really mean is that a particular hypothesis has been verified or disproved. We don’t mean “proof” in the mathematical sense.

Scientists can never know for a certainty that the laws seemingly in effect today were always so or that they will be in effect at all future times. Neither can they know that their laws, as observed to date, within the limits of current observations, will continue to be upheld by future observations. That is to say, just because Newton’s laws have been repeatedly verified during the last two centuries doesn’t mean they functioned, as we observe them today, at all times in the geologic past or during the days of creation when God spoke the universe into existence.

Is the Speed of Light a Constant?

Consider the speed of light in a vacuum—186,280 miles per second or 300,000 km/sec. Twentieth-century physicists con­s­i­der it to be an invariable constant of the universe. But is it? Do we really know that the speed of light was the same five-thousand or five-million years ago? Will it remain constant for all time into the future?

Some scientists, such as Barry Setterfield (A Brief History of c – 1987), say the speed of light used to be much faster and is gradually slowing down. Einstein’s famous equation, E = mc2, can be used to deduce this conclusion. Solving for c (the speed of light), we find that it equals the square-root of the energy of the universe (E) over the mass (m).

If we assume that no additional energy (E) or mass (m) is being fed into the physical universe and if our observations and conclusions about the ongoing transformation of energy into mass throughout the universe is correct, then the amount of total energy in the universe (E) is continually diminishing while the total mass (m) is increasing causing the ratio E/m to get smaller and smaller in time, thus causing the speed of light to also gradually get slower and slower over the centuries. Of course, we made a few assumptions in drawing this conclusion which may turn out to be invalid. Even so, it does illustrate a point, that things we consider constant and factual today may not always have been so.

Science Cannot Directly Observe the Past

Science can only directly observe the present. We can extrapolate into the future and deduce conclusions about the past, but only the present is directly within the grasp of scientific observation. Geologists deduce that dinosaurs once thundered across the earth’s surface, but no scientist has ever seen one alive. What we know of them we can only deduce from their remains.

Science is Limited by Space

Science is also limited in its contact with space. The universe in which we live is limitless in two opposing directions—expansively outward into the farthest reaches of unplumbed space and infinitesimally inward into the subspace of the atoms. Since absolute proof in the physical universe would require knowledge of every cubic centimeter of matter, space and energy, and since humans have no such knowledge of their universe (as mathematicians do of theirs)—absolute proofs of physical phenomena are impossible for human scientists.

If you think about it, comprehension of every speck of matter and every corner of space in the created universe is tantamount to the definitions for “omnipresence” and “omniscience”—neither of which are human attributes. In most religions, however, these are attributes of the divine. What this implies is that if you seek absolute answers about the manifested universe, they cannot be found by materialistic science. A quest for absolute truth always leads beyond science and leads into matters which are spiritual and inaccessible to our logical left brains.

The point is that scientists can never know all the elements and rules of their universe because not only did they not create it, at least a portion of it will always remain beyond them in time and/or space—where the term “space” is used here to designate the limitlessness of both the inner and the outer universes.

Unlike mathematics, the tenets of science are forever in jeopardy of ambush by a new set of facts. How many ideas formerly considered scientifically sound are now considered disproven? How many times has medical science reversed itself? How much of present-day medical practice, deemed scientific and beneficial today, will, in a few years, be demonstrated unscientific and harmful? For all we know, science may eventually invalidate them all.

Bleeding patients with leeches as a routine medical cure-all procedure sounds absurd to us now, but during the nineteenth century it was considered good medical practice. Within the framework of the scientific understanding of the time, it seemed most reasonable.

Scientific laws describe only what we see here and now within the limits of our history and of our restricted vision. Science, at best, can only provide us with a set of likely probabilities based upon and limited by current data. No matter how much data has been accumulated on growing basil or lavender over decades, or even centuries, we will never be able to predict the exact chemical composition of the next batch of essential oil harvested for a given field or from any field.

Some sciences can offer more certainty than others. Physics and chemistry are among the more certain sciences.

Medical and biological science, by contrast, are among those whose probabilities are among the least certain because of the unimaginable complexity of life processes, their unknown interactions with the human mind and spirit, and the impossibility of objective and complete measurement.

For more on this topic see: The Limitations of Science and the Medical Paradigm [2]

Excerpted from the book: The Chemistry of Essential Oils Made Simple: God’s Love Manifest in Molecules [1] – pages 618 – 654

Reprinted with permission from the author and publisher.

Copyright Care Publications – All rights reserved.

[1]

About the Author

Dr. David Stewart studied theology, philosophy, and English at Central Methodist College in Fayette, Missouri (1955-58) and studied chemistry, biology and social sciences at Central Missouri State University in Warrensburg (1962-63). He also studied commercial photography at Los Angeles Trade Technical College (1959-60). He completed a BS degree in Mathematics and Physics at Missouri School of Mines and Metallurgy in 1965 and was salutatorian of his graduating class. His MS and PhD degrees are in geophysics (theoretical seismology) and were earned from the University of Missouri at Rolla in 1969 and 1971 respectively. He spent a semester in medical school at the University of North Carolina (1973) and has been a Certified Childbirth Educator (CCE) with the American Academy of Husband-Coached Childbirth (AAHCC) since 1975.

Dr. Stewart is also a Registered Aromatherapist (RA) with the nationally recognized Aromatherapy Registration Council (ARC), which is endorsed by the National Association of Holistic Aromatherapists (NAHA), of which he is a member.

He has held positions as a hydraulic engineer and hydrologist with the U.S. Geological Survey in Southern California (1965-67). He was a professor on the faculty of the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, (1971-1978) and also held a professorship at Southeast Missouri State University (1988-1993). He was also a part-time United Methodist Pastor (1993-94, 1997-99) in rural Missouri. He has been the Executive Director of the InterNational Association of Parents and Professionals for Safe Alternatives in Childbirth (NAPSAC International) since its founding in 1975.

For most of his professional career, Dr. Stewart has been self-employed as an author and lecturer, mainly in the area of alternative health care. He has also served on advisory committees to the American Public Health Association (APHA) and the American College of Nurse-Midwives (ACNM). He has testified as an expert on health matters before state legislative committees, U.S. congressional committees, medical licensing boards and courts of law throughout the U.S. as well as in Canada.

He has authored or coauthored over 200 published works including more than a dozen books (including Healing Oils of the Bible [3]). Two of his books won the “Books of the Year” Award from the American Journal of Nursing. One of his flyers on breastfeeding (published by La Leche League International, LLLI) sold over two million copies in ten languages.

See Also:

[5]

Free Shipping Available [5]!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33342,"by Terri LaPoint

Health Impact News

They kicked her out of the hospital and took her baby away from her over a month ago. She hasn’t seen her since. They won’t even tell her where her daughter is. Jamie Martin took her baby Hope to the hospital because she and the doctors were concerned about Hope not gaining weight, no matter what they tried. Instead of finding answers, she lost her baby and she is devastated. Now DHS of Oklahoma is trying to terminate Jamie’s parental rights to her baby girl.

“I have done nothing wrong to my baby. She is my miracle child. I need my daughter back!”

Jamie Martin is the typical girl-next-door in America’s heartland. Before this pregnancy, she worked as a substitute teacher in her local elementary school. She volunteers and is on the board of a tornado disaster relief organization. She chaperones kids’ field trips to the zoo and dresses up as an Easter bunny for the local library. Her 8 year old son was thrilled when he found out that he was going to be a big brother.

Yet now Jamie has found herself in the middle of every parent’s worst nightmare – her baby has been taken away from her.

Weight Issues Began After Birth

Hope Elizabeth Marie Martin was born on September 15, 2014, and weighed a healthy 7 lbs, 5 oz. She had difficulty breastfeeding, so Jamie began pumping her milk to give her baby. Her son had also experienced difficulties with nursing at first, but everything worked itself out with him. However, Hope lost 12% of her body weight before leaving the hospital. She was discharged anyway after receiving all of her standard vaccines. After consulting with a family doctor, Jamie began supplementing with formula. Hope threw up at every feeding, no matter what she ate.

ER Visit Creates New Problems

By the time Hope was 5 days old, she had not yet had any bowel movements following the initial one after birth. Concerned that this was not normal, Jamie took her to the Emergency Room at OU Children’s Hospital in Oklahoma City. Her boyfriend and son were with them, as the ER physician examined her, inserting 2 fingers into her rectum to examine her. Jamie reports that they were horrified, but the doctor assured them that the bleeding was normal. Her anus was torn from the exam, and her mother reports that she cried a lot when it happened.

By two months of age, it reportedly “progressed into a full-blown rectal prolapse.” At Christmastime, Jamie met with a pediatric surgeon about the prolapse. She was told that Hope would likely outgrow it by the time she was 2 to 4 years old. It was “bad,” and “they said if I had to continue pushing her colon back inside then they would consider doing surgery.”

Happy Baby Bonded with Big Brother

Despite all this, Jamie reports that Hope was a happy baby. She choked up as she described the sweet relationship between her 2 children. They bonded immediately. When he first saw her in the hospital, he smiled at her as he held her, and she smiled back at him. Since then, she says that they will sit and smile and laugh at each other, like they have their own language for each other. It is “amazing,” according to their mom.

Weight Issues Continue and Hope Is Hospitalized

Hope remained tiny, and still threw up at every feeding. Jamie stayed in close contact with their family doctor, and they tried changing formulas, changing the timing of feedings from 2 to 4 hours, and trying different amounts at a time. Nothing she tried made a difference. She kept careful records of every feeding and all output. In January, she was admitted to the hospital for a 5 day period. They ran a number of tests, including a cystic fibrosis test, but they all came up negative.They switched formulas again.

After they came home from the hospital, they took Hope in to the pediatrician for weekly weight checks. On February 6, Hope was readmitted to UA Children’s Hospital because she still was not gaining weight, no matter what her mother did.

DHS Steps In

At the hospital, they changed Hope’s formula again, but she wouldn’t take it. On the 11th, they inserted a feeding tube. On the 13th of February, things got much worse.

By this time, they had inserted a catheter into Hope’s body, twice, and there was some irritation to her sensitive skin. She was also having a problem with painful bowel movements. During one particularly difficult episode, she began bleeding while urinating. Jamie was on one side of the crib and her boyfriend was on the other as they tried to console her. She says that her boyfriend was putting a couple of diaper wipes over her diaper area to absorb the blood, when a nurse walked in and accused them of sexual abuse.

While DHS and the authorities came into the room, Jamie wanted the doctors to figure out where the blood was coming from. An ultrasound reportedly revealed that there was debris in her bladder.

Nevertheless, DHS was already there. They demanded that the family keep the hospital room door open at all times, and that a nurse supervise all diaper changes. This demand reportedly resulted in baby Hope lying in soiled diapers for longer times than she would have otherwise. Sometimes they would have to wait a half hour for a nurse to come in to supervise the diaper changes.

Jamie thought things were settling down, and she finally got Hope to take a bottle several times on February 20th. Then DHS abruptly came in again at 6:30 that Friday evening and seized custody, kicking Jamie out of the hospital. When she got someone to agree to let her say goodbye to her baby, she found that the social worker had already abandoned the bottle and was feeding her through her feeding tube.

The allegations are failure to thrive, and lack of supervision on the part of Jamie and her boyfriend. The failure to thrive diagnosis is the reason that Hope’s mother brought her the hospital, looking for answers that never came.

The charge of lack of supervision has to do with Hope’s preferred comfort measure. Ever since she was about a month old, Jamie reports that she somehow manages to pull her receiving blanket up over her head whenever possible. They have tried to stop it, and remove the blanket from over her face when she does it, but to no avail. One of her doctors reportedly observed Hope pulling the blanket over her face all by herself, and told them that he isn’t concerned because she is still moving and breathing under there. Other doctors on the team were allegedly unconcerned as well. One of the nurses, however, was allegedly very unhappy with them over the blanket, accusing Jamie of deliberately covering her up and trying to hurt her baby. Jamie readily agreed to an pulse oximeter, which would detect if the blanket were causing breathing issues.

Jamie described the frustration of one of Hope’s physicians, who allegedly came into the hospital room and threw the charts in the air, telling the nurses that a mother who keeps track like this of the baby’s feedings is not abusing her child.

Police allegedly investigated allegations of sexual abuse, which arose from the vaginal area bleeding following the catheters, and the rectal prolapse, which began happening after the exam in the ER which tore her according to Jamie. Jamie says that DHS appeared to be ignoring the records of that ER visit. Earlier this week the police investigation concluded, allegedly saying that there was no evidence of sexual assault and that the case is closed. However, DHS still has her baby, and is proceeding with the attempt to terminate Jamie’s parental rights.

Genetic Component Ignored

Since DHS initially came into the situation on February 13, Jamie believes that the search for the reasons for her baby’s lack of gaining weight has halted. During the week before they seized custody, Jamie teamed up with family members to try to research any possible causes for Hope’s issues. They realized that several family members have experienced similar “failure to thrive” issues that were eventually overcome, her little brother included. She says that her mother had tried all kinds of different formula’s with him. He finally was able to keep down goat’s milk. However, Hope’s doctor nixed the option of goat’s milk. He also said no to the suggestion of adding cereal or baby food to Hope’s diet.

Jamie’s paternal uncle’s daughter had similar issues and was put on a feeding tube. Her half-sister’s daughter’s baby was diagnosed with failure to thrive because she wasn’t absorbing nutrients. In each of the cases, Child Protective Services was called in, and the family members had to fight for their children. They each won their battles and their children are thriving today.

There is a newborn screening test that Jamie says was not done on Hope, for a genetic condition called methylmalonic acidemia (MMA disease). She believes that the symptoms appear to fit, but her request for this and other genetic tests have been denied.

This is the same DHS department and hospital that seized the children of April and Joshua Whinery, accusing them of abuse, and ignoring the apparent genetic component. Their children remain in DHS custody to this day:

“Degenerative bone disease runs in his family, yet the couple was accused of abuse. Though the family has repeatedly asked for him to be tested, DHS has allegedly refused to allow the test, attempting instead to terminate all of the couple’s parental rights.”

See the Whinery’s story: Oklahoma Takes 3 Children Away from Parents When One is Found with Possible Brittle Bone Disease [8]

A Mother’s Concerns and Suspicions

Before Hope was taken from her parents at the hospital, doctors had directed that her unused IV port be removed. However, it was three days later before that happened. During that time, it was unused and unflushed. When a nurse finally removed it on February 20, Jamie reports that Hope’s skin around it just fell off, and there was an abscess there. Her skin had become very sensitive and wasn’t healing properly.

Jamie is deeply concerned about her daughter, and doesn’t understand why she hasn’t been able to see her baby even once since she was taken on February 20. She believes:

“They’re trying to cover something up. There is something that they’ve done and they don’t want me to know about it.”

Federal Laws about Relative Placement Ignored

Family and friends have been dumbfounded about the treatment of Jamie and her baby. Jamie is a well-respected member of the community, who is always willing to step up and help in times of need.

Despite federal laws that mandate that children taken by Child Protective Services be placed with relatives as a first choice, with friends of the family following, no one in the family knows where baby Hope has been placed. Jamie’s mother has not been permitted to see her grandbaby since the family was removed from the hospital in February. Jamie listed a number of options for her little girl to be placed with, including her mother, brothers, other relatives, and even close friends. Only one friend on the list was even contacted by DHS, but they never heard back from the agency.

Priest Forbidden to See Hope

A Catholic priest has become close to the family through Jamie’s volunteer work with tornado disaster relief. He reportedly attended the emergency hearing after Hope was taken, requesting a visit with Hope for religious reasons. He was denied.

Parental Termination Hearing Fast-track

It was on February 20, 2015, that DHS took custody of baby Hope. She is very much loved by her family, who is distraught over not seeing their tiniest loved one. Her brother keeps asking when his sister will come home.

Yet if DHS has their way, he will never see her again. The family has been offered no reunification plan, treatment plan, or steps that they can do to get her back. They haven’t even seen her once since that dark day in February, nor have they received any information about her whereabouts.

On March 25, Jamie was notified that the state intends to terminate her parental rights to Hope, an option that is unthinkable to Jamie and her family. The arraignment hearing is set for April 1 at 10:30 am, at the Cleveland County Courthouse in Norman, Oklahoma. The address is 200 S Peters Ave, Norman, OK 73069.

There is a Facebook page set up by supporters to show support and encourage the family as they face this battle, called Hope Inspires “Hope [2]“. She currently has a court-appointed attorney and is trying to raise funds to hire a private attorney.

Mary Fallin is the Governor of Oklahoma, and may be reached at (405) 521-2342. She can be contacted via email here [10].

Governor Fallin has a Facebook [11] account, and is on Twitter @GovMaryFallin [12].

Jamie Martin’s Congressman is Representative Josh Cockroft. He may be reached at (405) 557-7349 or contacted here [13].

The Senator for her district is Senator Rob Standridge. He may be reached at (405) 521-5535 or contacted here [14].

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com [15]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33189,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

The heroin and opioid painkiller overuse, addiction, and resulting death toll that averages out to 78 deaths per day has become an epidemic that continues to grow, except in states that have liberal medical marijuana laws.

The CDC concedes that at least half of those statistics are fueled by opioid painkiller prescriptions of Oxycodone, as used in OxyContin®, Hydrocodone, with Vicodin® for example, and Methadone, ironically often prescribed under several brand names to assist those withdrawing from heroine. (Source)

Methadone is a synthetically derived opioid developed by German scientists during WW II to replace its morphine shortage and it can be prescribed as a pain killer. Very little is mentioned about morphine derived from opium with oral, injectable, and IV applications available.

Morphine is usually administered by drip IV to hospitalized cancer patients and those assigned to hospice. Recent research has raised suspicions that morphine increases cancer cell progression and susceptibility due to opioid receptors in the body’s reception of externally applied opiate based opioids such as morphine. (Source)

The Alarming Increase in Opioid Addiction and Using Prescription Opioids as a “Gateway Drug” to Heroin

The FDA has recently approved Oxycontin for kids as young as 11. A June 2015 Sports Illustrated article titled “How painkillers are turning young athletes into heroin addicts” focused on what happens when high school and collegiate athletes’ painkiller meds are no longer prescribed. Then the addiction takes over. From that article:

According to the U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, a full 80% of all users arrive at heroin after abusing opioid painkillers such as OxyContin, Percocet and Vicodin. While opioid painkillers can cost up to $$30 per pill on the black market, heroin, which is molecularly similar, can be purchased for $$5 a bag and provides a more potent high. “It’s an easy jump,” says Harris Stratyner, a New York City addiction specialist. (Source)

This implies that some of the deaths attributed to heroine overdose originated from opioid painkiller addictions. It could be said that opioid painkillers are truly gateway drugs. Ironically, opioids are often somewhat less effective at reducing chronic pain than cannabis. Initially prescribed doses don’t last very long over time, leading to higher doses. Then the “abuse” begins.

In less than two decades, opioid sales, especially Oxycontin, have quadrupled. The opioid overdose death rate has uniformly corresponded with that increase. Former FDA head from 1990 to 1997 Dr. David Kessler conceded during a CBS News interview that there is an opioid epidemic, adding,

“This has been one of the great mistakes of modern medicine.”

How One Family Became the USA’s 16th Wealthiest from Oxycontin Sales

The name of the company is Purdue Pharma. The painkiller is Oxycontin. During the 1950s, the three Saxler brothers, all practicing psychiatrists, bought a small struggling pharmaceutical company in NYC that eventually became Purdue Pharma based in Connecticut.

The rise from obscure minor drug manufacturer in NYC to Purdue Pharma’s $$3 billion dollar annual USA sales, almost totally from Oxycontin, has been attributed to the late Aurthur Saxler’s marketing skills. He was the first to be placed in the Medical Advertising Hall of Fame (MAHF) beginning in 1997.

He and others listed in the MAHF are praised for innovations and successes with marketing drugs that prior to the 1960s were not the driving force of the pharmaceutical industry. Now we have perfectly legal pharmaceutical-to-consumer advertising on TV, radio, and print media.

This Medical Advertising Hall of Fame could be considered satire or dark humor, but it’s all too real. (Source)

Purdue Pharma is owned solely by Saxler family, whose net worth was estimated by Forbes as $$14 billion. Of the three founding brothers, only Raymond at age 94 remain. Their wealth was accumulated through marketing Oxycontin as an abuse-proof safe painkiller because of its time release formula in 1995.

That claim turned out to be not entirely true. Oxycontin was abused and became addictive and lethal for the same reasons all opioid painkillers become addictive and lethal. In 2007, the Department of Justice fined Purdue Pharma $$635 million in fines for false marketing. Currently, the state of Kentucky has a pending lawsuit on the company for deceptive advertising that could wind up with even a larger sum.

All these fines and lawsuits are merely the cost of doing business as Purdue Pharma rolls on with the biggest share of the opioid drug business. (Source)

The Deterrent to Opioid Abuse Dangers is Legal Medical Cannabis

A study using Medicare part D drug sales records by a father-daughter team, David and Ashley Bradford, demonstrated a huge drop in opioid purchases in states that are medical marijuana friendly.

“What we hope people take away from this is that when marijuana becomes available as a clinical option, physicians and patients together are reacting as if marijuana is medicine,” David Bradford, told TIME magazine. In states where the purchase of medical cannabis is legal, doctors on average doled out 1,826 fewer prescriptions for painkillers. The Bradfords learned that states with cannabis-friendly laws saved $$165.2 million per year in medical-related fees.”

The Bradford study used Medicare part D records, which cover drug costs. Considering that Medicare D is usually but not always attached to Medicare A or Medicare A and B, there could be an even greater drop of opioid drug sales. Medicare is the public health insurance coverage for folks 65 and older receiving social security.

Medicare part D can be attached to some private insurance coverages. But many patients under 65 don’t use that option while some over 65 don’t either. This potentially adds several more who were formally prescribed opioid painkillers but are now taking advantage of medical marijuana legalization and using cannabis for pain instead of opioids.

Medical marijuana legal states are reaping high revenues from cannabis sales as well as spending less for government health insurance programs. They’re happy with cannabis legalization. So the pharmaceutical and liquor lobbyists have to focus on agents in the federal level and states considering medical cannabis legalization to impede pro-cannabis legislation.

Perhaps their influence was part of the DEA’s recent refusal to upgrade cannabis on their controlled substance list by using the FDA’s claim that there is not medical merit to cannabis while the FDA issues permits to drug companies who wish to produce synthetic cannabis products for medical drugs. (Story here.)

In other words, the FDA caters to its pharmaceutical clients while the DEA uses the FDA to determine medical applications of cannabis. The federal government is acting as the law and the principal drug dealer.

Marijuana or cannabis from plant sources has historically been scapegoated as a gateway drug. It has not only been safer, but more effective with the right combination of THC and CBD at the right dose for reducing chronic pain than opioids, according to an interview of medical cannabis expert Dr. David Sulak covered in an earlier Health Impact News article.

In fact, cannabis is the pain solution for both not entering the gates leading to opiate “hard drugs” but also for rescuing those who have been addicted to them before it’s too late. You can get more details on the types of cannabis strains most useful for chronic pain reduction here.

Dr. Sulak’s three Maine clinics are having extreme success at getting addicted opioid users off the drugs without serious withdrawal issues and virtually no relapses. Continuing pain relief from cannabis at “safe levels” is easy since cannabis for pain has a bell curve of efficacy for pain.

Excess cannabis use for chronic pain results in less pain relief. There is a “sweet spot” that has to be determined with medical guidance or trial and error. Besides, nobody has died or suffered chronic disability from cannabis. Medical cannabis pain medication experts recommend less is more for cannabis pain relief. (Source)

Sources:

http://holisticcannabisacademy.com/how-cannabis-legislation-can-combat-the-opioid-crisis/

http://www.forbes.com/sites/alexmorrell/2015/07/01/the-oxycontin-clan-the-14-billion-newcomer-to-forbes-2015-list-of-richest-u-s-families/#51025199c0e2

http://content.healthaffairs.org/content/35/7/1230

http://www.uchospitals.edu/news/2012/20120321-opioid.html

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/health/article-1230208/Pain-drug-morphine-cause-cancer-spread.html

https://www.leafly.com/news/strains-products/best-cannabis-strains-for-treating-pain/

https://www.leafly.com/news/health/cannabis-for-chronic-pain-vs-opioids

Save",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24570,"Could Two Teaspoons of Coconut Oil a Day Keep Alzheimer’s at Bay?

by Christine Hsu

Medical Daily

Excerpts:

Vrajlal Parmar had recently been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s disease.

After taking a Mini Mental State Examination test used to diagnose Alzheimer’s disease, doctors informed the 67-year-old’s family that he was “too severely affected to score anything at all,” according to the Daily Mail. A healthy person would have scored 30 on the test.

In a letter to Vrajlal’s family, doctors at the Cognitive Disorders Clinic at University College London in the UK said that Vrajlal’s condition was so bad that any drug treatment would be ineffective.

“Dad was so far gone he couldn’t do anything for himself,” Vrajlal’s son Kal Parmar, told the Daily Mail.

“He couldn’t wash himself, dress or go to the toilet without help. He had to be watched all the time – the idea of him catching a bus, even a special bus to a dementia centre, was out of the question,” Kal said.

After some research, he started mixing a spoonful of coconut oil to his father’s meals twice a day.

Kal said that the difference in his father was huge. Since he started taking coconut oil in July, his symptoms have drastically improved.

“Before we started him on coconut oil, Dad’s speech was gone and he couldn’t remember his name or his date of birth,” Kal explained. “Now you can have a simple conversation with him. We go for walks.”

“He even remembers his national insurance number. We’re so happy,” he added.

Read the full article here: http://www.medicaldaily.com/articles/13812/20130110/two-teaspoons-coconut-oil-day-keep-alzheimers.htm

Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease

A Holistic Guide to Geriatric Care – eBook

In this book we look at the problems and causes of Alzheimer’s as they are related to an epidemic of prescription drugs being marketed to seniors, and we look at the strong evidence for dietary intervention, starting with coconut oil.

We bring you the stories of 10 different families who saw Alzheimer’s lessened or reversed by adding coconut oil to their diet, which is representative of thousands of others who are experiencing similar results. We offer guidelines on usage and types of coconut oil to consider, as well as other non-drug tips for holistic geriatric care.

Our target audience is the millions of caregivers out there loving caring for our senior population who will find it difficult to get this information from their doctors or medical professionals not trained in these areas.

Read Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease on your mobile device!

$$1.99

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21917,"by Alliance for Natural Health

There is a surprising reason why the government won’t go after drug companies for serious crimes.

It is because government programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and the Veterans Administration would then be barred from doing business with them!

In 1999 the FDA approved Vioxx, a drug created by Merck and Co. to treat arthritis. Vioxx was pulled off the market in 2004 because evidence showed it greatly increased the risk of heart attack in the 25 million Americans who had taken the drug. Some 50,000 patients sued, and 27,000 of the plaintiffs received $$4.85 billion in settlement of their claims.

Last week the Department of Justice announced that Merck has agreed to pay a $$321 million criminal fine and plead guilty to one misdemeanor count of illegally introducing a drug into interstate commerce. Merck also is paying $$426 million to the federal government and $$202 million to state Medicaid agencies. Those payments will settle civil claims that its marketing caused doctors to prescribe and bill the government for Vioxx they otherwise would not have prescribed.

Please note that these settlements are for rather minor infractions—not for deliberately concealing the danger of a killing drug from patients, the medical community, and their investors. Despite the serious consequences of Merck’s actions, the government won’t prosecute them for any serious charges—because, if they did and won, it would mean they would have to stop doing business with Merck in the future! Federal law makes it illegal for Medicare and Medicaid to do business with “an excluded or debarred entity resulting from serious criminal charges.”

This means that when a company becomes too deeply enmeshed in the government’s business, these companies simply become too big to prosecute!

Paying fines without serious criminal charges does not appear to be enough of a deterrent. A new report from the consumer group Public Citizen shows that the pharmaceutical industry now leads all other industries in fraud against the federal government—and that includes the defense industry! Big Pharma led the pack in the total amount of fraud payments for actions against the federal government under the False Claims Act. Four companies (GlaxoSmithKline, Pfizer, Eli Lilly, and Schering-Plough) accounted for more than half (53 percent or $$10.5 billion) of all financial penalties imposed over the past two decades.

In 2006, Dr. David Graham, associate director of the FDA’s Office of Drug Safety and a courageous whistleblower, said in an interview, “The FDA is responsible for 140,000 heart attacks and 60,000 dead Americans. That’s as many people as were killed in the Vietnam War. Yet the FDA points the finger at me and says, ‘Well, this guy’s a rat, you can’t trust him,’ but nobody is calling them to account. Congress isn’t calling them to account. For the American people, it’s dropped off the radar screen. They should be screaming because this can happen again.”

If a supplement killed 60,000 Americans, what do you think the reaction would be? It would be pulled from the shelves, the FDA would outlaw it, and the media would be screaming about the dangers of supplements. Vioxx does the same thing, and the FDA gives Merck a slap on the wrist and gets a financial settlement.

As Public Citizen told NPR, “The current system of prosecution and recovery isn’t working, because companies can take even the biggest settlements in stride. What’s needed is more criminal prosecution—and the prospect of jail time for Pharma executives.”

ANH-USA is not trying to put anybody in jail. But if we pass laws, they should apply to everyone, including members of Congress and big companies, whether on Wall Street or in the drug industry. Crony capitalist arrangements between government and special interests should never be allowed to create a special category of “too big to prosecute.”

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.anh-usa.org/merck-too-big-to-prosecute/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33122,"Planned Parenthood Exposed for “Crimes Against Humanity” in Undercover Video



by Lynelle Frazier

Health Impact News

After a 3-Year Investigative Journalism Study of Planned Parenthood, The Center for Medical Progress released its videotaped exposé filmed on July 25, 2014. The video shows two actors posing as employees of a human biologics company discussing with Dr. Deborah Nucatola, Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s Senior Director of Medical Services, how Planned Parenthood sells the body parts of aborted fetuses, using partial-birth abortions to supply intact body parts.

Here is the video which has quickly gone viral on YouTube:

Planned Parenthood denies that they are selling fetal body parts, and claims that the money discussed is related to transportation costs and that “a well-funded group established for the purpose of damaging Planned Parenthood’s mission and services has promoted a heavily edited, secretly recorded videotape that falsely portrays Planned Parenthood’s participation in tissue donation programs that support lifesaving scientific research.”

LifeNews reports that after only 1.5 hours after the video went live, Dr. Deborah Nucatola “deleted her Twitter account to avoid criticism and investigation.”

Since the edited version of the video (8 minutes, 51 seconds) has been criticized by Planned Parenthood as being “heavily edited” to “damage their mission and services,” the Center for Medical Progress provided the FULL unedited 2 hour and 42 minute video to “expose every detail of Planned Parenthood’s mission and services”:

FULL FOOTAGE VIDEO: Planned Parenthood Uses Partial-Birth Abortions to Sell Baby Parts

You can also read the Full Transcript here.

Ethics and Legality of Planned Parenthood’s “Services” Being Questioned

While eating lunch and sipping wine, abortionist Dr. Deborah Nucatola nonchalantly discussed procedures that have many people concerned about the ethics and legality of these “services” being provided by Planned Parenthood. The conversation below, describing the use of ultrasound guidance to change the presentation of the fetus from vertex (head first) to breech (feet first) before intact extraction so as not to crush the fetal part they need, is descriptive of illegal partial-birth abortion procedure according to 18 U.S.C. 1531.

While discussing details of pre-ordering specific fetal parts, the undercover buyers ask, “How much of a difference can that actually make, if you know kind of what’s expected, or what we need?”

“It makes a huge difference,” Nucatola replies. “I’d say a lot of people want liver. And for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they’ll know where they’re putting their forceps. The kind of rate-limiting step of the procedure is calvarium. Calvarium—the head—is basically the biggest part.” Nucatola explains: “We’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all intact.” “And with the calvarium, in general, some people will actually try to change the presentation so that it’s not vertex,” she continues. “So if you do it starting from the breech presentation, there’s dilation that happens as the case goes on, and often, the last step, you can evacuate an intact calvarium at the end.”

To justify the methods employed by Planned Parenthood to get around the federal ban on partial birth abortion, Nucatola says the laws are up to interpretation:

“The Federal [Partial Birth] Abortion Ban is a law, and laws are up to interpretation. So, if I say on day one, I do not intend to do this, what ultimately happens doesn’t matter.”

Nucatola discussed how she plans her day according to specific orders, and how these orders can change the way the abortions are done:

“For example, so I had 8 cases yesterday. And I knew exactly what we needed, and I kinda looked at the list and said okay, this 17-weeker has 8 lams, and this one — so I knew which were the cases that were more probably likely to yield what we needed, and I made my decisions according to that, too, so it’s worth having a huddle at the beginning of the day and that’s what I do.”

Selling and buying fetal body parts is against federal law, a federal felony punishable by up to 10 years in prison and a fine of up to $$500,000 according to 42 U.S.C. 289g-2, but this seems equally up to interpretation as long as the fee charged is justifiable when anyone asks, according to Nucatola. When asked about pricing for fetal body parts, she answered:

“You know, I would throw a number out, and I would say it’s probably anywhere from $$30 to $$100 [per specimen] depending on the facility and what’s involved.” She continued, “It’s really just about if anyone were ever to ask them, ‘What do you do for this $$60? How can you justify that? Or are you basically just doing something completely egregious, that you should be doing for free.’ So it just needs to be justifiable.”

Nucatola further explains how that in order to limit liability to Planned Parenthood, their litigation and law department doesn’t want to be the middle people for this issue right now. She explains:

“Unless the composition of the Supreme Court changes anytime soon, we don’t want to be raising eyebrows. But I will tell you that behind closed doors, these conversations are happening with affiliates.”

Planned Parenthood’s “Services” Historically Rooted to Eugenics

As Mainstream Media downplays the horrific video, and Planned Parenthood cries that they have been misrepresented, Briebert re-published the recorded historical motivation of Planned Parenthood’s “services.”

As the article explains, “Planned Parenthood’s founder, Margaret Sanger, was a pro-Nazi racist, whose ‘motives had nothing to do with liberating women or women’s rights, she was a eugenicist — someone who believed that through abortion, birth control, and forced sterilization society could “assist the [human] race in the elimination of the unfit.’“

In her essay “Birth Control and Racial Betterment,” Sanger expounds:

“We who advocate Birth Control lay all our emphasis upon stopping not only the reproduction of the unfit but upon stopping all reproduction when there is not economic means of providing proper care for those who are born in health.”

According to Sanger’s article “Human Conservation And Birth Control,” the “unfit” included those suffering from, “congenital feeble-mindedness; schizophrenia, circular insanity; heredity epilepsy; hereditary chorea (Huntington’s)’ hereditary blindness or deafness; grave hereditary bodily deformity and chronic alcoholism.”

And she further stated:

“Surely everyone will agree that the children of parents so afflicted are no contribution to the nation for even if they do not inherit these defects they are children of parents so handicapped that life will give them little, owing to their necessarily bad environment.”

Sanger expresses her disdain of black people in her essay titled “What Every Girl Should Know”:

“It is said that the aboriginal Australian, the lowest known species of the human family, just a step higher than the chimpanzee in brain development, has so little sexual control that police authority alone prevents him from obtaining sexual satisfaction on the streets. According to one writer, the rapist has just enough brain development to raise him above the animal, but like the animal, when in heat knows no law except nature which impels him to procreate whatever the result. Every normal man and Woman has the power to control and direct his sexual impulse. Men and women who have it in control and constantly use their brain cells in thinking deeply, are never sensual.”

Briebert’s article concludes:

Sanger’s and Planned Parenthood’s racist history is not a secret, for obvious political reasons, it is just not widely reported by the same media that obsesses over a flag. The Confederate Flag is down. The taxpayer-funded Planned Parenthood still stands, primarily in black neighborhoods — just as its racist founder planned so many years ago.

Read the full article at Briebart.com.

Public Tax Funds Supporting Planned Parenthood Criticized

David Daleiden, who led the undercover project, calls for politicians to stop using tax-payer money for the “barbaric abortion business.” He says:

“Planned Parenthood’s criminal conspiracy to make money off of aborted baby parts reaches to the very highest levels of their organization. Elected officials must listen to the public outcry for Planned Parenthood to be held accountable to the law and for our tax dollars to stop underwriting this barbaric abortion business.”

In an online petition, he urges citizens to voice their concerns:

“Trafficking in aborted baby parts is a national problem that crosses state and national lines and implicates multiple organizational layers of Planned Parenthood, the National Abortion Federation, and numerous middleman companies. Sign our petition and ask your representative for Congress to investigate the black market in aborted baby parts.”

In response to the disturbing investigative video, Live Action President Lila Rose, who has been actively investigating unlawful practices of Planned Parenthood for years, states:

“This investigation by the Center for Medical Progress reveals the unimaginable horror that is Planned Parenthood. The exploitation of human life, the cover-up, and the black market profiteering by America’s largest abortion chain is not only egregious and heartbreaking, but exposes how the abortion giant is corrupt to the core — from the CEO, Cecile Richards, down to the local clinic. As Live Action has investigated through the years, Planned Parenthood’s barbaric practices reveal their contempt for rule of law and human life. This latest expose of Planned Parenthood’s trafficking of baby parts for profit should be the final nail in the coffin for the abortion giant. Congress must take immediate action to stop all taxpayer funding of Planned Parenthood and end the bankrolling of this horrific human rights abuser.”

Some Presidential Candidates Voice Outrage and Demand the Defunding of Planned Parenthood

As Live Action News reports, Presidential Candidates have already begun responding to this shocking news.

After viewing the video, Governor Jindal made an announcement on his official page:

“A Planned Parenthood official discussing the systematic harvesting and trafficking of human body parts is shocking and gruesome. This same organization is seeking to open an abortion clinic in New Orleans. I have instructed Louisiana’s Department of Health and Hospitals to conduct an immediate investigation into this alleged evil and illegal activity and to not issue any licenses until this investigation is complete. I am also asking the FBI to assist DHH in investigating this alleged criminal activity by this organization.”

Texas Senator and Presidential Candidate, Ted Cruz, released a statement calling for Congress to investigate and defund Planned Parenthood regarding recent reports about selling body parts of aborted babies:

“Today’s news regarding allegations that Planned Parenthood is possibly selling the body parts of the babies it has aborted is sickening. There is no place for taxpayer funding of organizations that profit from taking away innocent life, much less profiting off the bodies of the lives they have stolen. Congress should immediately begin an investigation of Planned Parenthood’s activities regarding the sale and transfer of aborted body parts, including who is obtaining them and what they are being used for. And it should renew efforts to fully defund Planned Parenthood to ensure that its morally bankrupt business receives not one penny of taxpayer money. I proudly stand on the side of life and remain committed to fighting for all innocent life to be valued and protected under the laws of this nation.”

Presidential Candidate and former Texas Governor Rick Perry, said in his statement:

“The video showing a Planned Parenthood employee selling the body parts of aborted children is a disturbing reminder of the organization’s penchant for profiting off the tragedy of a destroyed human life. It is because of stories like this that I signed legislation defunding Planned Parenthood in the state of Texas – to protect human life and the health and safety of Texans.”

Presidential Candidate Ben Carson is also calling for Congress to stop funding Planned Parenthood with an online petition:

“I, like many of you, was sickened when I saw the video of Dr. Deborah Nucatola of Planned Parenthood secretly videotaped discussing selling aborted baby parts. I was more than sickened, I was enraged. Congress must act NOW! Please sign my petition to Congress demanding that they stop all public funds to Planned Parenthood. I spent my whole life caring for children. What I see in this video is barbaric. Congress must ACT!”

Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee also Tweeted his condemnation, calling it “Grotesque,” and also called for defunding of Planned Parenthood.

And pro-life Sen. Rick Santorum Tweeted his support to defund Planned Parenthood:

“Always have been and always will be in favor of defunding @PPact & their destruction and now exploitation of human life.”

Kentucky Senator and Presidential Candidate Rand Paul joins the rally to defund Planned Parenthood and calls supporters to do the same. After the release of an investigative video that has gone viral he stated:

“Despite their best efforts, I doubt our national media will succeed in covering this story up. But I’m afraid that’s not enough. It’s time for the American people to demand Congress take action. If you agree, I hope you’ll sign your “Stand for Life: Defund Planned Parenthood” Petition immediately! Congress holds the power of the purse. So this is one measure Congress can take now — even with President Obama in the White House. And it’s up to you and me to ensure my colleagues in Congress take action, and set the stage for a pro-life President to sign even more pro-life legislation into law once elected. No one else will do it for us. After all, where is the media now? Where’s the storm over this video that shows this Planned Parenthood executive bragging about performing banned partial-birth abortions and selling babies’ body parts for profit?”

While many other Presidential Candidates are calling for the defunding of Planned Parenthood, Hillary Clinton appears to remain silent on the recent news.

The Federalist reminds us of Hillary Clinton’s strong ties to the eugenics’ organization of Planned Parenthood. Hillary Clinton “scored a perfect 100 percent on all of Planned Parenthood’s congressional scorecards,” and was welcomed “with open arms” when she announced her 2016 Candidacy.

In their article titled Watch Hillary Praise Planned Parenthood’s Eugenicist Founder Margaret Sanger, you can watch her praise Planned Parenthood in 2009 when she received the Margaret Sanger Award in this video:

To learn more about the Eugenics agenda, population control, mandatory vaccines, and more, see:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1451,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

One third of all the drugs that doctors write prescriptions for in treating common maladies, especially infections of any kind where antibiotics are so routinely prescribed, contain a toxic ingredient that has unusual and debilitating side effects. A 2013 lawsuit prompted the FDA to issue black box warnings, but physicians are still prescribing these deadly drugs.

Two compounds will be mentioned often in this report: fluoroquinolone and quinolone. Fluoroquinolone is a quinolone antibiotic with an added fluoride atom.

Fluorine or fluoride boosted well beyond limits allowed for fluoridating tap water is also fairly common in anti-depressants, anti-anxiety drugs, anti-inflammatory steroids, and even anesthetic drugs used to put patients under during surgical procedures. This article will explain why you should do your best to avoid them. Some estimate that 33 percent of pharmaceutical drugs contain fluorine.

The drug companies’ lab people consider fluorine to be a sort of selective solvent to penetrate tissue and get to whatever the drug is purportedly aiming at. But it is toxic and also penetrates the blood brain barrier while hindering the thyroid gland’s activity by replacing that gland’s main nutrient for energy, iodine.

Some have even attributed fluoridated water to the rise in cancer rates while others mention its negative neurological impact since it can easily seep into the pineal gland located in the brain.

Most Pharmaceutical Antibiotics Create Other Health Problems, Some Very Dangerous

Even without the fluorine atom(s), prior quinolone antibiotics were racking up considerable adverse reaction histories. Some had to be actually removed from the market. What is common to both quinolone and fluoroquinolone antibiotics is that they are completely synthetic and bactericidal.

Pharmaceutical bactericidal antibiotics rely on directly killing pathogenic bacteria, but they don’t discriminate between the pathogenic bacteria and the helpful bacteria in our gut. Those helpful bacteria not only promote digestion, but also constitute a considerable portion of our immune systems, 60 to 80 percent by some estimates.

Synthetic pharmaceutical antibiotics used often are beginning to fail as intended because pathogenic bacteria are able to develop immunity to them. Most natural antibiotics such as colloidal silver, garlic, Mediterranean oregano, and others have not been figured out by those same clever pathogens. Then there is also high dose vitamin C that does wonders for infectious diseases regardless of its source.

Here’s a short list of fluoroquinolone antibiotics that have caused considerable damage to those patients who were prescribed. The brand names are in parenthesis. Notice the suffix “floxacin” in the chemical names. Those victimized by any of the antibiotics listed use the term “floxed” to describe their condition, as in “I too have been floxed and my conditions include … .”

Ciprofloxacin (Cipro)

Levofloxacin (Levaquin)

Gemifloxacin (Factive)

Moxifloxacin (Avelox)

Norfloxacin (Noroxin)

Ofloxacin (Floxin)

Here is a more extensive list of fluoroquinolone drugs.

Those conditions from being floxed are many, often with several occurring simultaneously or separately over time. Symptoms include: Chronic fatigue; torn tendons; paralysis; depression; seizures; excruciating chronic joint pain; neurological damage; painful neuropathy; impaired thinking; insomnia; paranoia and suicidal thoughts that lead to suicides.

All or some or one of these “side effects” can occur from one doctor’s prescription. Usually the doctors who prescribed them deny their patients’ association with the fluoroquinolone antibiotic to their condition. Some are “floxed” immediately after a couple of pills and others get fully floxed some time after using fluoroquinolone antibiotics.

A 2015 San Diego TV station investigation on fluoroquinolone antibiotics obtained an FDA database of adverse effects and “… found 3,000 deaths and 200,000 complaints of serious effects associated with Levaquin and similar drugs [fluoroquinolone antibiotics].” During the 1960s, quinolone antibiotics were developed and marketed. Circa 1980 the era of fluoroquinolones began.

Think of that, 3000 deaths and 2000,000 serious side effects, such as becoming disabled and in chronic pain or chronically seriously ill with multiple symptoms, as the tip of a deeper iceberg, an iceberg that includes who knows how many unreported adverse effects. All that for attempting to treat the sniffles or sore throat. These are only the reported cases.

The actual cases exceed these numbers because many adverse fluoroquinolone adverse events are not reported to the FDA or CDC. Not everyone who is adversely affected knows about sending a report to the CDC or FDA. It’s likely most flouroquinilone prescribing physicians are very rarely reporting their patients’ woes as well.

The prescribing physician usually dismisses the patient’s complaints and attributes them to diagnosing another treatable ailment. So the known reports don’t reflect the enormity of adverse consequences.

Thanks to a medical system that refuses to take responsibility for fluorquinolone damages. Floxed victims are forced into coping on their own with forum sites and Facebook pages devoted to them for information and camaraderie. Here’s one.

At least there have been mounting lawsuits against drug companies’ fluoroquinolone products, especially Leviquin and Cipro, the most commonly prescribed.

The Basic Damage Causing Fluoroquinolone Toxicity Syndrome

A 2013 study discovered the underlying mechanics of cellular deterioration throughout all organs, connecting tissues such as tendons, and central and peripheral nervous systems. This is why so many confusing symptoms and serious health problems are manifest among the floxed.

These antibiotics are able to penetrate into cells with damaging results. The heart of cellular energy and starting point of our biological life is located in our cells’ mitochondria, where adenosine triphosphate (ATP) is metabolically manufactured. ATP is often referred to as the “molecular unit of currency” for intracellular energy transfer.

All cells contain mitochondria, thus destroying or impairing their ability to create ATP results in rapid health deterioration. ATP is simply the carrier and regulation-storage unit of energy within the average human body’s one hundred trillion human cells. At any instant each cell contains about one billion ATP molecules.

This extraordinary amount is sufficient for that cell’s needs for only a few minutes and must be rapidly recycled. From the 2013 study “Bactericidal Antibiotics Induce Mitochondrial Dysfunction and Oxidative Damage in Mammalian Cells”:

These data [from their study] demonstrate that bactericidal, but not bacterio-static, antibiotics impair the function of mitochondria and, consequently, the overall respiratory capacity of the cell. (Source)

By the way, all quinolones and fluoroquinolone antibiotics are bactericidal. Bacterio-static antibiotics, usually sulfa drugs, do not aggressively seek and kill pathogenic bacteria. They contain bacteria by removing their sources of nutrition and leaving them to hopefully die off.

After a 2013 lawsuit successfully demanded the FDA issue a black box warning on all fluoroquinolone antibiotics, enough physicians have been continuing to prescribe them for minor infections. Who reads black box warnings? Obviously not every client, patient, or administering physician.

This black box warning does somewhat serve the pharmaceutical companies more than uninformed patients. The list of horrendous side effects are listed on it. Those who are floxed after 2013 will not have as much ammunition for suing the manufacturer.

The latest warnings from the FDA in 2016 advise that fluoroquinolone antibiotics should not be prescribed for minor infections, according to Consumer Reports. It’s this reporter’s opinion that they should be avoided completely.

Natural Antidotes for Fluoroquinolone Antibiotics

Here’s what needs to be avoided upon recognizing early signs of fluoroquinolone toxicity beyond any ailment for which it was prescribed: Fluoridated water, ibuprofen, and any other over the counter pain killers that contain acetaminophen.

These and other NSAID drugs are usually recommended along with the antibiotics. Also avoid steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and anti-depressants. Many of them are fluoridated.

The study referenced in the previous section mentioned N-acetyl-L-cysteine (NAC), a very accessible amino-acid supplement, as an item that helped prevent or reverse mitochondrial damage from the bactericidal antibiotics.

Others have suggested high intakes of magnesium and calcium as soon as possible since those minerals bind with quinolones to create chelations that nullify the toxicity and help remove them from the body via normal elimination processes.

However, repairing the damage done is another story. A complete e-book on detoxifying and reversing damages after being floxed is available here.

Sources:

http://www.slweb.org/ftrcfluoroquinolone.html

http://healthimpactnews.com/2013/warning-fluoroquinolone-antibiotics-may-cause-permanent-nerve-damage/

http://collinslab.mit.edu/files/stm_kalghatgi.pdf

https://floxiehope.com/tag/fluoroquinolones-as-chemo-drugs/

https://floxiehope.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/fluoroquinoline-reaction-chart-updated-aug-2016.pdf

http://fqresearch.org/detoxify-from-levaquin

http://www.side-effects-site.com/quinolone-antibiotics.html

http://www.10news.com/news/levaquin-fda-fails-to-disclose-additional-serious-side-effects-of-antibiotic-linked-to-deaths-072815

http://media.newsnet5.com/uploads/FDA%20Levaquin%20Study.pdf

http://www.consumerreports.org/drugs/fluoroquinolones-are-too-risky-for-common-infections/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24229,"Two Recent Cases That Demonstrate How Industry Is Trying to Eliminate Farm-to-Table Operations

By Dr. Mercola

In 2010, the Michigan Department of Natural Resources (DNR) issued an Invasive Species Order (ISO) to “help stop the spread of feral swine and the disease risk they pose to humans, domestic pigs, and wildlife as well as their potential for extensive agricultural and ecosystem damage.”

While this sounds perfectly reasonable considering how much damage wild pigs can cause, the way this order is being used by the DNR is far from it. Hybrid or heritage swine, such as those raised by Bakers Green Acres, a family-run farm, are not feral in the sense that they run around in the wild.

However, according to the DNR, Bakers’ pigs fell under the classification of “feral swine” because they’re cross bred with Russian boar—an illegal breed—and Mangalitsa pigs. They also share one particular trait with feral pigs—the shape of their tail, to be precise.

In fact, crazy as it may seem, the guidelines use physical characteristics as the determinant for deciding if a pig is considered an illegal invasive breed or not. As a result, the Department deemed Bakers’ hybrid swine illegal, which is a felony offense. As reported by the Alliance for Natural Health:



“The ISO shamelessly targets the heritage breeds favored by small and family farms, while protecting those favored by CAFOs. Under the ISO, possession of ‘undesirable’ pigs carries up to a two-year jail sentence and a $$10,000 fine for each pig. Moreover, the ISO allows the DNR to seize and destroy heritage breed of pigs raised by Michigan farmers on the spot—and without compensation.”

Industry Is Hard at Work to Shut Down Farm-to-Table Systems

Make no mistake about it, this is a blatant attempt by industry-led forces to shut down farm-to-table operations that threaten the status quo of the factory farm model. Many hog farmers, and there are some 2,000 in Michigan, destroyed their heritage swine herds once the ISO was issued. But Bakers Green Acres did not. Instead, they sued the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) for loss of livelihood.

The DNR retaliated by asking the judge to fine the Bakers $$700,000 for possession of “illegal” pigs. Two years of harassment nearly destroyed the family farm, but finally, in early February, a court date was set. At last, the constitutionality of the ISO would be assessed by a judge…

Alas, things didn’t go as planned. Within mere days, less than two weeks shy of the scheduled court date, the DNR suddenly reversed its stance, agreeing that Bakers’ heritage pigs were perfectly legal after all.

This meant the judge had no choice but to dismiss the case. It also meant that the DNR didn’t have to defend the legality and constitutionality of its ISO. Nor did it have to clarify its definition of what a “feral” pig really is.

And, last but certainly not least, it means the DNR does not run the risk of having to compensate farmers, including the Bakers, who suffered massive losses due to these seriously flawed guidelines. As stated by Pete Kennedy, President of the Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund:



“For two years, DNR has said the Bakers’ pigs are illegal, then two weeks before trial, they say the pigs are okay. Why didn’t the state take this position two years ago? The state should compensate the Bakers for the losses it has caused the farm.”

The Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund also noted that:

“Before the ISO went into effect, the farm’s Mangalitsa pork was highly prized by local chefs and consumers. After the order, Baker lost access to USDA facilities to process his pork. The ISO not only cost Baker his pork sales to restaurants, but other farm products as well. Baker’s case has already made an impact beyond Michigan. In January the Indiana Board of Animal Health amended a regulation on wild hogs that partly based their legality on physical characteristics to clarify that the regulation did not apply to hogs raised on a farm.”

Government Run Amok – Where Will It End?

In the end, while the Bakers won the right to raise hybrid swine, curly tails and all, this case is a perfect example of government run amok, trampling on constitutional rights just to protect Big Business.

Here, the DNR patiently waited, bleeding this small family-run farm dry before pulling an abrupt about-face to avoid losing what they knew would be a significant court battle that would free small farmers from a tyrannical law that unjustly targets small farmers of high quality heritage breeds.

As it stands, there’s no guarantee that the DNR will not target other pig farmers over this issue… As stated by Harold Martin, the Michigan assistant attorney general:” I am not saying we won’t apply the ISO. I am saying the ISO doesn’t apply in this situation.” The Bakers are not through, however.

“Now is the time to hold our leaders of the State of Michigan responsible for their actions,” Baker writes. “From the DNR to the Attorney General’s office to the Governor’s office, we have been let down time and time again. The elected officials and bureaucrats that are not representing the Constitution of the people must be replaced.”

As discussed in the featured video, Baker is producing a documentary about his case. You can pre-order a DVD copy on his website, which will help him finalize the film, and fund his ongoing work toward preserving constitutional rights in Michigan.

Oregon ‘Raw Milk Gag Law’ Challenged in Recent Lawsuit

Another case that demonstrates just how crazy the status quo can get is Oregon’s anti-advertising laws for raw milk producers. The sale of raw milk has been and currently is legal in Oregon, but advertising the fact that you have raw milk to sell was not… Until 7th generation dairy farmer Christine Anderson sued Oregon’s Department of Agriculture for First Amendment violations that is. As reported by Alliance for Natural Health:



“For years… Anderson was legally forbidden from advertising her milk—she couldn’t post flyers in local stores, advertise via email or on her own website, or even display a roadside sign reading, ‘Raw Milk for Sale!’ If she did, she’d be subject to $$6,250 in fines, up to $$10,000 in civil penalties, and even a year in jail. How could advertising a perfectly legal product be illegal, and why didn’t the state government want Oregonians drinking raw milk? Could it have something to do with the Dairy Farmers of Oregon, an anti-raw milk industry group whose explicit mission is to ‘build demand’ for conventional dairy? Or is it the Dairy PAC, which donates thousands of dollars to state representatives?”

This nonsensical law also banned consumer access to information about how a farm produces its milk, thereby preventing you from being able to compare it to other sources of milk. It’s worth noting that there’s no reasonable justification for any of this. Research by Dr. Ted Beals, MD, featured in the summer 2011 issue of Wise Traditions, the quarterly journal of the Weston A. Price Foundation, shows you are about 35,000 times more likely to get sick from other foods than you are from raw milk.

Shielding you from raw milk advertisements is not protecting your best interests. If the US government really wanted to protect your health, it would ban junk food commercials and direct-to-consumer drug advertisements. Dr. Beals’ research, which is based on the US government’s own data, shows that between 1999 and 2010, there was an average of 42 cases of illness per year attributed to raw milk, and that includes both “confirmed” and “presumed” cases. In his report, Dr. Beals writes:

“From the perspective of a national public health professional looking at an estimated total of 48 million foodborne illnesses each year [from all foods]… there is no rational justification to focus national attention on raw milk, which may be associated with an average of 42 illnesses maximum among the more than nine million people (about 0.0005 percent) who have chosen to drink milk in its fresh unprocessed form.…Consumption of any food has some risk of illness or adverse reaction. And the consequence of basing public policy on horrific personal experiences is that all foods will ultimately be banned, and we will not be able to participate in any activity.”

Oregon Dairy Farmers Now Allowed to Advertise Raw Milk Products

Fortunately, three months after filing suit with the help of Institute for Justice, which provides pro bono legal representation in cases such as these, the Department of Agriculture agreed to end its enforcement of the state’s ban on the advertisement of raw milk. According to a February 13 press release by the Institute for Justice, Department of Agriculture director Katy Coba also agreed to ask the state legislature to repeal the law.

“‘I am so excited that the State of Oregon has agreed that farmers like me should be able to advertise their legal products,’ Christine said upon learning of the settlement. ‘It will be such a relief to be able to carry on my business without feeling like I have to be looking over my shoulder for telling people about our farm and what I do.'”

Both of these cases demonstrate what those of us who want access to wholesome food are up against—unconstitutional shenanigans of the highest order! It’s time for dissention, and to support each other, farmers and consumers alike, across state lines. Each and every case of infringement on your right to access healthy food must be vigorously and swiftly addressed. And the more voices that speak out against these kinds of repressions, the better our chances of success.

Is Your Food Supporting or Harming Your Health?

Virtually all of the meat and poultry (beef, pork, chicken, turkey, etc.) found in your local grocery store comes from animals raised in so-called confined animal feeding operations (CAFOs). If it wasn’t raised in a factory farm, it will typically bear a clear label stating it’s “grass-fed” or “USDA 100% organic.”

Large-scale factory farming is the cheapest way to raise meat, thereby allowing for the largest profits. But the ultimate price is high, as there’s a complete disregard for human health, the environment, and the ethical treatment of animals.

Far from being what most people would consider “a farm,” these massive operations are more like industrial warehouses, stocked to the hilt with animals that are quite literally crammed together. Due to the overcrowded, unhygienic conditions in these livestock factories, most of the animals end up getting sick. And whether they’re ill or not, they’re still routinely given antibiotics and artificial hormones to promote growth.

The natural diet of a cow is plain grass, but CAFO-raised cows are fed pesticide-laden grains and other byproducts instead. Not only does this upset their digestive systems and alter the nutritional makeup of their meat, all of the feed additives also get transferred to you when you eat that meat. The routine use of antibiotics in particular has led to the rapid rise of antibiotic-resistant superbugs that now threaten human life.

The factory farm model also directly contributes to Americans’ increasing reliance on processed junk foods, which in turn drives the rise in obesity and chronic disease. For the past several decades, the focus has been on creating ever-cheaper foods. Well, you cannot achieve top quality and rock-bottom prices at the same time. Something has to give, and quality nutrition definitely fell by the wayside as technology overtook the food and agricultural industry.

If You Want to Optimize Your Health, Bucking the System May Be Required…

The problem is, the food industry knows it cannot compete with wholesome organic foods, raw milk, artisan cheeses, and delicatessen like the Bakers’ swine. Since they cannot compete, the next best thing, from their perspective, is to simply eliminate the competition. By limiting or eliminating your access to alternatives, you have no choice but to become a consumer of CAFO goods.

I believe the movement toward sustainable food and ethical meat is an extremely positive one and, in the big scheme of things, is absolutely critical for optimal health, and for the protection of our environment. When it comes to meat, be it beef, pork, or poultry, the only type I recommend eating is meat that has been humanely raised according to organic principles.

By purchasing your meat from smaller farms, you’re promoting their proliferation, and the return to saner, healthier ways of eating. In the end, that will benefit everyone in your community, including the animals. (The organic industry also tends to favor far more humane butchering practices, which is another important part of “ethical meat.”)

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2014/04/22/bakers-pig-farming.aspx



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23843,"by Dr. Mercola [1]

Prescription drug overdoses have become alarmingly common in the U.S., with opioid painkillers, such as Vicodin and Oxycontin, among the drugs most frequently making headlines.

New research shows another class of drugs — benzodiazepines or “benzos” — is rising in the ranks of overdose deaths, however.1

Prescriptions for such drugs, which include brand names Valium, Ativan and Xanax, tripled from 1996 to 2013, but this doesn’t fully account for the uptick in overdoses, which quadrupled during that time period.

Anxiety Drug Overdoses Hit Record Levels

Researchers from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine in New York used data from the Medical Expenditure Panel Survey and multiple-cause-of-death data from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to describe trends in benzodiazepine prescriptions and overdose deaths.

For starters, they found that the number of U.S. prescriptions for the drugs rose from 4.1 percent in 1996 to 5.6 percent in 2013 — a 37 percent increase.

Further, the rate of overdose deaths increased from 0.58 per 100,000 adults at the start of the study to about 3 per 100,000 adults at the end, which represented a more than 500 percent increase.

As for why the rate of overdose deaths rose faster than the rate of prescriptions, Dr. Chinazo Cunningham, one of the study’s authors, told STAT News, “Our guess is that people are using these prescriptions in a riskier way.”2

The number of pills prescribed to each adult increased over the study period, for instance, which suggests Americans may be taking higher doses or taking the drugs for longer periods, both of which increase the risk of overdose.

Combining the drugs, which act as sedatives and are often prescribed not only for anxiety but also for insomnia, with alcohol is also risky, as is using the drugs along with opioids.

Dr. David Juurlink, head of Clinical Pharmacology and Toxicology at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Center in Toronto, told STAT News, “Prescribing opioids and benzodiazepines together is like putting gasoline on a fire,” and added:3

“Benzodiazepines are grossly overprescribed … and many people don’t necessarily benefit from them.”

Opioids Combined With ‘Benzos’ Make Up More Than 30 Percent of Narcotic Deaths

CDC data also highlighted the growing risks of anxiety drugs [2]. Benzodiazepines accounted for 31 percent of the narcotic overdose deaths in 2011 (up from 13 percent in 1999), according to a 2014 CDC Report.4

Separate research showed the use of “benzos” has risen alongside the use of opioids, and the sedatives are often used alongside the painkillers [3] to enhance the “high.”5

If you’re wondering just how deadly opioids and benzos can be, in 2014 the state of Ohio used an opioid/benzo mix in a death-row execution after it couldn’t obtain the conventionally used drugs.6

Despite their known risks, preliminary research presented at the 2014 meeting of the American Academy of Pain Medicine in Phoenix, Arizona found that 12.6 percent of all primary care visits made by Americans between 2002 and 2009 involved prescriptions for sedatives/anxiety drugs and/or narcotic painkillers (opioids).7

The study also found:

The number of prescriptions for anxiety drugs rose by 12.5 percent a year

Patients receiving a narcotic painkiller were 4.2 times more likely to receive a second prescription for an anxiety drug

The number of joint prescriptions of opioids and anxiety drugs also increased by 12 percent a year in that time frame

Prescription anxiety drugs and narcotic painkillers are responsible for at least 30 percent of narcotic painkiller-related deaths

Besides deaths caused by overdose, other risks associated with anxiety drug use include falls in the elderly, emergency room visits, and drug dependence

Even Children Are Overdosing on Anxiety Drugs

About 9,500 children younger than 6 are hospitalized each year after ingesting family members’ medications.

Among them, three-quarters are between the ages of 1 and 2. Likely echoing the sharp rise in adults’ use of opioids and benzodiazepines, both opioid painkillers and benzos topped the list of medications most often responsible for young children’s hospitalizations.8 According to the study:9

“Emergency department visits and subsequent hospitalizations of young children after unsupervised ingestions of prescription medications are increasing despite widespread use of child-resistant packaging and caregiver education efforts … Opioids (17.6%) and benzodiazepines (10.1%) were the most commonly implicated medication classes.”

Anxiety Drugs Are Highly Addictive

Benzodiazepines exert a calming effect by boosting the action of a neurotransmitter called gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) in the same way that opioids (heroin) and cannabinoids (cannabis) do. This in turn activates the gratification hormone, dopamine, in your brain.

Since the identical brain “reward pathways” are used by both types of drugs, they can be equally addictive and also may cause side effects like memory loss, hip fractures, impaired thinking, and dizziness.

Ironically, the symptoms of withdrawal from many of these anxiety medications include extreme states of anxiety — some of which are far worse than the original symptoms that justified treatment in the first place. Symptoms that may occur with benzodiazepine withdrawal include:10

Perceptual distortions, sense of movement

Distortion of body image

Sensory hypersensitivity (light, sound, taste, and smell)

Psychotic symptoms

Depersonalization, derealization

Tingling, numbness, and altered sensation

Muscle twitches, jerks

Confusion, delirium

Hallucinations (visual, auditory)

Formication (skin crawling)

Tinnitus

Convulsions

Why Benzodiazepines May Be Especially Dangerous for the Elderly

Up to 43 percent of older adults use benzodiazepines (Valium, Xanax, Ativan, etc.) for anxiety and insomnia, often chronically, even though their long-term effectiveness and safety remains unproven.11

International guidelines recommend short-term use of benzodiazepines, because they cause withdrawal symptoms that make discontinuation problematic. Despite this, many seniors take them for years instead of a few weeks, as is recommended.

Further, older adults have a much more difficult time eliminating benzodiazepines and similar drugs from their bloodstreams, especially while on multiple medications, which overburden their detoxification systems. Over time, these drugs can accumulate in your body, which will increase your risk of an accidental overdose. As reported in Current Opinions in Psychiatry:12

“Despite repeated recommendations to limit benzodiazepines to short-term use (2–4 weeks), doctors worldwide are still prescribing them for months or years. This over prescribing has resulted in large populations of long-term users who have become dependent on benzodiazepines and has also led to leakage of benzodiazepines into the illicit drug market … Recent literature shows that benzodiazepines have all the characteristics of drugs of dependence and that they are inappropriately prescribed for many patients …”

Benzodiazepines May Increase Your Risk of Dementia

Aside from the risk of overdose and addiction, there’s another reason to carefully consider the use of anxiety drugs, especially for long-term use. Older adults who used benzodiazepines for three months or more had a 51 percent greater risk of Alzheimer’s disease than those who did not.13

The risks increased the longer the drugs were used as well as with long-acting formulations. Additional studies also support this link:

A 2012 study found that among adults over 65, those who used benzodiazepines were 50 percent more likely to develop dementia over a 15-year period.14 This was true even when taking into account other factors that might increase dementia risk, such as age and diabetes.

A 2009 study found long-term use of benzodiazepines was significantly associated with an increased risk of dementia, leading researchers to recommend “long-term use of BZDs should be avoided among the elderly, who may be at a higher risk for developing dementia, in addition to other health problems.”15

A 2005 literature review found three of six papers reviewed found an increased risk of cognitive decline in benzodiazepine users.16

A 2002 study found former use of benzodiazepines was associated with a significantly increased risk of dementia.17

Non-Drug Options for Relieving Anxiety

Both anxiety and sleep troubles are serious issues that need attention. Unfortunately, most people who suffer from these conditions either do nothing or resort to pharmaceutical drugs — many of which are ineffective and capable of destroying your health and sanity further.

In fact, it’s estimated that only one-third of people with anxiety disorders receive treatment,18 but keep in mind that “treatment” does not have to equal “drugs.” You have nothing to lose, and everything to gain, by applying lifestyle modifications before trying medication. You may be surprised by how much such changes lessen anxiety and improve your ability to sleep soundly, naturally.

Because anxiety drugs are often prescribed for sleep troubles, I suggest first reading my “Guide to a Good Night’s Sleep for 33 simple tips [4]” on improving your sleep. Small adjustments to your daily routine and sleeping area can go a long way to ensure uninterrupted, restful sleep (which may further help with anxiety symptoms, as well). Beyond that, if you often feel anxious or have panic attacks I strongly recommend the following:

Exercise [5]

In addition to the creation of new neurons, including those that release the calming neurotransmitter GABA, exercise boosts levels of potent brain chemicals like serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine, which may help buffer some of the effects of stress [6]. Many avid exercisers also feel a sense of euphoria after a workout, sometimes known as the “runner’s high.”

It can be quite addictive, in a good way, once you experience just how good it feels to get your heart rate up and your body moving.

The Emotional Freedom Techniques (EFT) [7]

EFT can be very effective by helping you to actually reprogram your body’s reactions to the unavoidable stressors of everyday life. This includes both real and imagined stressors, which can be significant sources of anxiety. In the following video, EFT therapist Julie Schiffman discusses EFT for stress and anxiety relief.

Please keep in mind that while anyone can learn to do EFT at home, self-treatment for serious issues like persistent anxiety is dangerous and NOT recommended, and you should consult with an EFT professional to get the relief you need.

Optimizing Your Gut Flora

Your gut and brain actually work in tandem, each influencing the other. This is why your intestinal health can have such a profound influence on your mental health and vice versa. It’s also the reason why your diet is so closely linked to your mental health.

Prior research has shown that the probiotic Lactobacillus rhamnosus had a marked effect on GABA levels in certain brain regions and lowered the stress-induced hormone corticosterone, resulting in reduced anxiety- and depression-related behavior [8].19 The probiotic known as Bifidobacterium longum NCC3001 has also been shown to normalize anxiety-like behavior in mice with infectious colitis.20

So optimizing your gut flora with beneficial bacteria is a highly useful strategy. This is done by eliminating sugars and processed foods and eating plenty of non-starchy vegetables, avoiding processed vegetable oils, and using healthy fats. Additionally, eating plenty of fermented vegetables [9] or taking a high-potency probiotic would be useful to reestablish a healthy gut flora.

Omega-3 Fats

Your diet should include a high-quality source of animal-based omega-3 fats [10]. The omega-3 fats EPA and DHA play an important role in your emotional well-being, and research has shown a dramatic 20 percent reduction in anxiety among med students taking omega-3s.21



Sources and References

Read the entire article on Mercola.com [1]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24871,"by Alliance for Natural Health

New bills have been introduced in a number of states that will give the ADA a monopoly over the practice of nutritional therapy—these are the people in charge of the wonderful hospital food. Please take action in your state to stop this power grab and ensure consumer choice!

The American Dietetic Association (ADA) has sponsored legislation in over 40 states. These bills lump dietitians and nutritionists into one licensing scheme, and require nutritionists to complete a dietitian program in order to practice nutritional therapy. Even if the nutritionist holds a Masters or a PhD in nutrition, the nutritionist is still required to complete registration through ADA in order to keep practicing. This is the organization that lists among its corporate sponsors soft drink giants Coca-Cola and PepsiCo, cereal manufacturers General Mills and Kellogg’s, candy maker Mars, and Unilever, the multinational corporation that owns many of the world’s consumer products brands in foods and beverages.

In some states, individuals are even prohibited from using the words “nutritionist” and “nutritional care.” Such legislation impedes an individual’s right to access highly qualified nutritional therapists of their choice, and prohibits hundreds of qualified practitioners from providing nutritional therapy.

Nutritionists and dietitians differ in important ways. In general, nutritionists are health practitioners with comprehensive knowledge of how nutrition impacts the whole body focusing on medical nutrition therapy, metabolism and biochemistry, and work primarily in private practice settings conducting one-on-one nutrition counseling. Nutritionists practice an integrative approach to medicine and concentrate on prevention and treatment of chronic disease. Dietitians, in general, are experts in what passes for nutrition science today, much of it often woefully out of date, with training focusing on institutional diets and food service management—developing diets for hospital patients, school food service programs, and nursing homes. Dietitians can provide individualized counseling on diet and disease and there can be an overlap in the type of work each profession practices.

As we reported previously, the Michigan Board of Dietetic and Nutrition voted to make the ADA its sole credentialing arm. We are still watching the rule-making process to see if we can make any changes. We are hoping, at a minimum, to force the board to recognize other credentialing bodies.

And Wyoming recently passed a bill (SF0093) creating a board and licensure for dietitians. They define “dietetics” as including the nutrition care process and medical nutrition therapy, and specify the ADA as the credentialing organization.

Right now, a number of new bills have been introduced in different states that would increase the ADA monopoly even further. These are urgent Action Alerts. If you are a resident in one of the states below, please contact your lawmakers immediately and ask them to oppose these bills!

California

CA Assembly bill AB 575 creates the Dietitians Bureau in the Department of Consumers Affairs, and an advisory committee made up of dietitians—guaranteeing a biased system against nutritionists. Under this bill, nutritionists must go through the dietetic program and licensure in order to practice nutrition therapy: the language explicitly states that licensure requires completion of registration examination administered by the American Dietetic Association, and requires that “only a person licensed as a dietitian…shall practice dietetics or medical nutritional therapy.”

Current California law has only a registration process for dietitians and there is no equivalent legislation specifically for nutritionists.

California residents please take action now!

Nevada

NV Assembly bill AB 289 also enacts provisions relating to the practice of dietetics. The only law Nevada currently has is one that protects the titles “Dietitian,” “Licensed Dietitian,” “Registered Dietitian,” “LD,” or “RD” to ADA-registered dieticians only; there is no law specifically for nutritionists. This new bill would create a State Board of Dietetics and would provide for the licensing of dietitians.

Of particular concern is that four of the five members of the State Board of Dietetics would be registered dietitians (the fifth would be a member of the general public), which further consolidates the monopoly of the ADA and creates an inherent bias against nutritionists. Furthermore, the Board has the power to adopt other regulations relating to the practice of dietetics—which means that changes can be made to the dietetic licensure process without the interference of a public democratic process. Nutritionists must go through the dietetic program and licensure in order to practice—as with other bills, this one requires completion of a registration exam administered by the American Dietetic Association.

Nevada residents please take action now!

New Jersey

NJ Assembly bill AB1987 and its identical version in the NJ Senate, S809, is the Dietitian/Nutritionist Licensing Act. This bill lumps together “licensed dietitian/nutritionist,” and the terms are used interchangeably throughout the bill. Instead of noting and providing for the differences between the two, the bill creates a State Board of Dietitians/Nutritionists instead of a separate board for each. Moreover, it explicitly requires that nutritionists pass the ADA exam, even if they have certification and education elsewhere.

This is not the first time we’ve worked in New Jersey on this issue—we were able to kill two different bills last session.

New Jersey residents please take action now!

New York

A.5666 and its identical companion bill in the NY Senate, S.3556, provides for the licensure of dietitians and nutritionists. The current law has separate certification processes for nutritionists and dietitians, whereas this proposed bill lumps dieticians and nutritionists together under one title, “Licensed Dietitian/Nutritionist” or “LDN” rather than providing separate licensing for each.

The bill creates a joint board, appointing four members of the ADA and three representing nutritional associations. It does not identify the required exam—but it directs the board to do so. We have run into this problem in other states, where the board, heavy with ADA reps, refuses any but the ADA exam. Note further that this is a title provision, meaning that they aren’t preventing the practice of nutrition (subject to these requirements), but they are limiting the title by which one may advertise! And their certification requirements are standard-issue ADA: a BA, 900 hours supervision, etc.

New York currently recognizes credentialing agencies beyond the ADA—in particular the Certification Board for Nutrition Specialists (CBNS), which is specifically designed for nutritionists. This would change once the ADA-majority board takes its first vote. Any new legislation must keep nutritionists separate from dieticians (who will immediately take control of the licensing process), and must ensure the same protections.

New York residents please take action now!

Read the full article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/american-dietetic-association-monopoly/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32891,"By Sarah Shilhavy

Health Impact News

Celebrating the Thanksgiving holiday is just as much about food these days as it is about being thankful, so menu planning is key to a successful feast. Discovering how to plan a completely gluten free Thanksgiving meal (free of strange substitutions and not lacking in flavor) is definitely something for which to be thankful.

Drinks

Spiced Coconut Mocha [1]

If you’re going to be planning a huge meal, might as well go all the way and make a few fancy drinks as well. The good thing about most drink recipes is that they are either already gluten free or easily adapted. This spiced coconut mocha gets festive with cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves. Make it with coconut milk for even more coconut flavor.

Coconut Pumpkin Pie Smoothie [2]



Pumpkin is a tradition at Thanksgiving, but have you ever had it in a cold, blended drink form? This dreamy concoction will go over well with anyone who enjoys pumpkin and coconut.

Buttery Breakfast Chai [3]

Breakfast is in the title, but this spicy, frothy drink is great for any time of the day (unless it’s late at night and the caffeine will keep you up). Brew your favorite black tea, and get ready to enjoy this hot, spiced drink in mere minutes.

Coconut Eggnog [4]

Eggnog is a classic cold-weather holiday drink. This recipe uses coconut milk, and the result is fabulous.

Main Course

Herb Roasted Pastured Thanksgiving Turkey [5]

For most, Thanksgiving isn’t Thanksgiving without a turkey. Invest in a good, pasture-raised bird [6], and follow this recipe to learn how to make the perfect roasted turkey with coconut oil, and just the right blend of herbs.

Roast Chicken with Coconut Oil [7]

If you’re one of those people who just don’t want to do turkey, try roasting up a few chickens. Take the time to find the best source of high quality poultry [8] that you can get your hands on. Your family is worth it.

Slow Cooker Lamb Roast [9]

Not into the idea of poultry for Thanksgiving? Try a lamb roast slow cooked in a crock pot with rosemary and garlic. Easy, stress free, and completely impressive.

Bison Coconut Cream Curry Stew [10]

If both poultry and lamb aren’t getting you excited (you’re probably being a little difficult), go completely non-traditional and make a rich, curried stew with bison chunks [11]. This is good. Very good.

Side Dishes

Coconut Sautéed Green Beans with Tomatoes [12]

Green beans are another traditional staple at Thanksgiving tables. This quick and easy recipe will not drive you crazy with the other 99 things you have going on in the kitchen, but it still provides all the flavor, pizzazz and gluten free safety you’ll need.

Maple Cinnamon Roasted Pumpkin [13]

Pumpkin isn’t just for the pies. A little pie pumpkin chopped up and roasted with just the right ingredients will delight any pumpkin lover.

Maple Whipped Sweet Potatoes [14]

Easy to prepare, easily made ahead of time, and completely gluten free and delicious make this recipe hard to dislike.

Gluten Free Drop Biscuits [15]

Drop biscuits are pretty much the easiest bread to make. Just mix up all the ingredients, drop them onto a cookie sheet, and bake. You could even make these up a couple days ahead and simply reheat on the day of the feast.

Desserts

Coconut Pumpkin Pie Cupcakes [16]

Why limit pumpkin to pies? Make cupcakes! They are fun, tasty, and everyone will love them, never knowing they are gluten free.

Grain-Free Honey Graham Cracker Pie Crust [17]

Perhaps the biggest issue with gluten free pies is the crust. This delicious crust works well with so many different pies. Feel free to swap out the regular pie crust in your favorite recipes for this one.

Gluten Free Pumpkin Pie [18]

Classic, no frills pumpkin pie gone gluten free. Use the provided crust or experiment with the graham crust if you’re feeling adventurous.

Gluten Free Pumpkin Tart [19]

If you want a no-bake option, try this pumpkin tart. It’s every bit as delicious as it looks.

Apple Pie Bowls [20]

If you want to make little individual desserts without any processed sugar, give this recipe a go. This is also an easy make-ahead recipe so you’ll have one less thing to worry about later.

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[21]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [21]

[23]

[24]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43871,"Scientists Broom Challenging Discoveries Beneath ‘Contamination’ Rug

by Brian Thomas, M.S.

Institute for Creation Research

Recent years have witnessed many revolutionary discoveries of original tissues in fossils. Each new find challenges the widely held notion that fossils formed millions of years ago. After all, lab tests repeatedly show proteins and other biological materials lasting no longer than hundreds of thousands of years—millions are out of the question. As a result, these fossils clearly look like recent deposits. What tactics do evolutionists use to accommodate these original organic remains into their entrenched belief in deep time?

One tactic is to simply turn a blind eye to the whole fossil tissue issue. A possible example of this occurred when an ICR employee attended a 2010 debate featuring the late atheist and evolutionist Christopher Hitchens. After the event, the employee asked Hitchens what he thought of blood vessels recently found in Tyrannosaurus rex bone?1 Hitchens replied that he knew nothing about it.

His ignorance conveniently insulated him from having to reconcile data that refuted his secular view of history. How could such a prominent author on origins topics have for so long “missed” all hints of paleontology’s most game-changing discoveries? Shouldn’t an expert be well read in the very subjects he debates?

Some deny the science showing that the tissues are real proteins, and others deny the science of tissue decay rates. Biblical creationists deny the millions of years—rather than the science—and this actually solves the key dilemma.

But secularists who do at least look at the soft tissue fossil reports deploy another tactic. In response to the recent discovery of original protein inside tiny dinosaur bones from China, Smithsonian Institution paleontologist Hans-Deiter Sues cited contamination.2 Supposedly, the proteins in question recently “snuck into the fossils” from some source other than the fossilized animal.

He told Science NOW, “You can never really totally rule out contamination.”3

Technically, his statement is scientifically accurate. But it can lead to absurd conclusions. If one can never totally rule out contamination, then one can always excuse the data by claiming it—playing the convenient “contamination card”—even when it defies common sense.

For example, one can never totally rule out the possibility that my plate of dinner is contaminated. Instead of it coming from my kitchen, another person might have cooked the identical meal elsewhere, then secretly set the full plate of food on my table. Though possible, this contamination speculation is so unlikely that it can be ruled out on the basis of its extreme implausibility.

What quality of soft tissue fossil data would similarly refute claims of contamination beyond reasonable doubt?

This chart contrasts the maximum time required to convert bone collagen into dust with ages that the secularists themselves assigned to collagen-containing fossils. The tiny red column represents the maximum age of bone collagen determined by repeated decay measurements. It assumes that unrealistically cold temperatures preserved collagen for as long as one million years.

The blue columns represent seven fossils with collagen or similar protein. These examples build seven arguments favoring the view that fossils formed only thousands of years ago. Secular scientists reported each of these finds in evolutionary journals.4

What are the odds that contamination infected so many varied fossil proteins from so many different places?

Instead of following the evidence where it clearly leads, some use broom tactics to sweep away scientific challenges to secular beliefs. Sometimes human will—not reason—drives conclusions and behavior. Some ignore the fossils, ignore protein decay, or claim contamination. But all three tactics create far more problems than they solve. The most straightforward solution follows this fossil evidence straight to biblical origins in Noah’s recent Flood.

References

Schweitzer, M.H., et al. 2005. Soft-Tissue Vessels and Cellular Preservation in Tyrannosaurus rex. Science. 307 (5717): 1952. Reisz, R.R., et al. 2013. Embryology of Early Jurassic dinosaur from China with evidence of preserved organic remains. Nature. 496 (7444): 210-214. Wade, L. Giant Dinosaur Got a Head Start on Growth [1]. Science NOW. Posted on news.sceincemag.org April 10, 2013, accessed April 20, 2013. ICR news articles binned on this web page cite most of the relevant secular reports: Fresh Tissues Show That Fossils Are Recent [2]. Institute for Creation Research. Posted on icr.org, accessed April 20, 2013.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.icr.org/article/7520/ [3]

[4]

Free Shipping Available! [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32914,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

A jury found Kentucky Amish farmer Sam Girod guilty last week of breaking FDA laws in mislabeling his home-made herbal salve product. His sentencing hearing will be on June 16 at 10am, and he reportedly faces up to 48 years in prison.

The Honorable Danny C. Reeves

United States District Judge

US District Court

101 Barr Street

Lexington, KY 40507

See our original coverage of this story by Sally Oh of the KY Free Press here:

Here are some excerpts from Sally Oh of the KY Free Press:

The final day of Sam Girod’s trial consisted of Sam calling one witness, himself, the prosecutor’s closing arguments, Sam’s closing arguments, jury instructions, jury deliberation, and the reading of the verdict.

SAM’S DEFENSE

We’ve been waiting the entire trial for Sam to defend himself. Because Sam represented himself, it would look silly for him to ask himself questions, so Sam wrote the questions for himself in advance, the public defender posed the questions to Sam, and Sam answered each question in his own words. There were approximately four or five questions. Sam described himself and his family, a wife, 12 children including five boys still at home, and 27 grandchildren. He described the start of his business. In 1999 he watched his mother cooking chickweed and became intrigued by the herbal properties as this subject has always interested him. He made approximately a gallon of chickweed salve and gave most of it away to friends and family members. He initially had no intention to sell any products, but he was urged to do so by people who were pleased with the salve.

Sam described the FDA coming to his home in Indiana and objecting to the skin cancer claim so he removed that from the label. Sam asked if they had any other concerns and was told they would like to think about it for a week. They never responded. After a few weeks, Sam contacted them and they didn’t reply.

Sam refuted the claim that the Amish were physically intimidating. He explained that they would never intimidate or threaten anyone. Anybody with even a passing familiarity with the Amish would know that to be the truth. He also stressed that nobody cursed at the FDA agents, as that is something they do not do.

Sam stated that he never harmed anybody and never acted to deceive anybody.

Sam explained that he never threatened or intimidated Mary Miller to prevent her from providing evidence to a grand jury. They had discussed the matter because she had no prior dealings with the FDA and in fact that was the last thing this Amish woman wanted, and Sam felt bad that his actions had inadvertently drawn the FDA’s attention to Mary. Sam followed up with a letter to several customers and business associates in a letter addressed to “Friends”. He stated in the letter that everyone was free to do whatever they wanted to do. From the federal government’s perspective it was inappropriate for Sam to contact them, but he was reaching out to confused and very worried friends with whom he had a close personal business relationship. He was trying to explain what was happening to the best of his understanding. A subpoena from the federal government is a terrifying thing to an Amish person. It was obvious from the testimony of all of the FDA’s subpoenaed witnesses that they did feel threatened and intimidated… by the FDA. They were clearly on Sam’s side, even though they were being compelled to testify against him.

Sam admitted to receiving the letter announcing his status hearing, but he didn’t understand that he was required to attend the status hearing. Previous letters specifically instructed Sam to appear but this one did not. Sam believed this status letter to be informational, so he could attend if he chose to do so. To him, it seemed like the announcement of a procedural meeting pertaining to his case that constituted internal court business. Sam became convinced that he was not going to get a fair trial in this court and filed a motion to have his case moved to the 6th Court of Appeals. He had a manager at the 6th Court of Appeals sign when he filed his motion. After that, Sam considered his case to be in the appeals court. When he received a letter from the US District Court, Sam marked RETURN TO SENDER on the envelope and returned it unopened, believing that the district court had not yet been notified of the change of venue by the appeals court.

When the problems first surfaced with the FDA, some time around 2003, Sam hired a lawyer and his lawyer hired an FDA approved lab to test Sam’s products. The FDA also tested Sam’s products in their own lab using liquid chromatography and mass spectroscopy. Both labs reached the same conclusions. The ingredients matched the label’s ingredients list, the samples did not contain any drugs as commonly defined or any alkaloids or poisons, and the samples from different containers of the same product were consistent. In 2003 and 2004, the FDA requested more label changes and Sam made the changes, removing all health claims and only listing the ingredients on the label.

Sam’s testimony made a few points that needed to be made to indicate what he was thinking and why he did what he did in good faith and with malice toward nobody, but the information was presented in a seemingly random order and was not very compelling, particularly after the prosecutor had spent two days, unopposed, maligning Sam as a greedy lawless profiteer whose unregulated products were dangerous.

SAM’S CLOSING ARGUMENTS

Sam made simple declaratory statements of truth.

“There was never an injured party in this case.”

“I’m not dealing with drugs. Their testing will show that.”

“I did not purposefully or knowingly violate one law. That’s not what I do.”

“I changed the labels on different times but I kept getting harassed.”

“Most of all, it’s taken some of our freedom away.”

THE VERDICT

The officers of the court appeared nervous when the 32 court watchers filed into the court to hear the verdict, with a small overflow crowd in the hallway outside the small courtroom. We were repeatedly warned to maintain order, no matter what they verdict may be. They are apparently not too accustomed to having the public take any interest in these federal court cases, and they seemed to be anticipating a guilty verdict and an angry mob, even though most of the court watchers were Amish and none of the court watchers had demonstrated the slightest evidence of prior misconduct.

The jury returned guilty verdicts on all 13 charges. Not only that, but they found Sam guilty of each separate part of each count, even when only one part would be needed to make Sam guilty of that count against him.

The jury was polled and asked if the verdict as read represents their verdict in this case, and each answered, “Yes.”

The judge will sentence Sam at 10:00 AM on Friday, June 16th 2017. Until then, Sam will presumably be incarcerated in the Fayette County Detention Center.

Here’s a “one stop” to get links to the entire story:

News Coverage

Read more at KYFreePress.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32639,"by Dr. Mercola

The hepatitis B vaccine is given to U.S. infants at birth. But there is impressive evidence that for a preventive measure, hepatitis B vaccine is remarkable for the frequency, variety, and severity of complications from its use.

Hepatitis B vaccine has been shown in many peer-reviewed research papers to be associated with numerous infant deaths in the U.S. and Europe, multiple sclerosis and numerous chronic autoimmune disorders.

According to Child Health Safety, the U.S. government admitted as much when a Court found in favor of a plaintiff (deceased by the time the decision was made) who had developed systemic lupus erythematosus:

“Tambra Harris … filed a petition for compensation alleging that she suffered certain injuries as a result of receiving a vaccination. Among the injuries petitioner alleged that she had suffered as a result of receiving a hepatitis B vaccination was systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) … A lump sum of $$475,000.00 in the form of a check payable to petitioner as Administratrix of the Estate of Tambra Harris.”

Since parents’ concerns about childhood vaccine safety have greatly increased during the past five years, a new report also suggests that pediatricians and family physicians should figure out ways to spend LESS time talking with them about it.

According to American Medical News:

“Because of the amount of time needed to address immunization safety for these parents, there is a larger burden on pediatricians and family physicians to address these concerns during well-child appointments.”

American Medical News May 2, 2011

Dr. Mercola’s Comments:

Three hepatitis B shots are part of the standard government-recommended childhood vaccination schedule, with the first dose given at 12 hours of age in the newborn nursery of most hospitals. Despite what you may hear in the media, reactions can be serious. In fact, hepatitis B appears to be one of the most problematic vaccines on the current schedule. As Dr. Jane Orient of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons (AAPS) testified to Congress: “For most children, the risk of a serious vaccine reaction may be 100 times greater than the risk of hepatitis B.” Now the U.S. government has also conceded that the vaccine carries risks, specifically they have conceded that it may cause systemic lupus erythematosus.

Nearly Half a Million Dollars Awarded to Hepatitis B Vaccine Victim

On August 29, 2001, Tambra Harris filed a petition for compensation alleging that she suffered certain injuries, including lupus (SLE), as a result of receiving a hepatitis B vaccination. Harris sought an award under the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, and on March 22, 2011 — nearly 10 years later! — counsel for both parties filed a stipulation stating that a decision should be entered awarding compensation. A lump sum of $$475,000 was awarded to the Estate of Tambra Harris as “compensation for all damages.” Unfortunately, Tambra died in November 2009, so she never got to see the result of her petition. This is only one case of many reported serious reactions to the hepatitis B vaccine. Routine use of the hepatitis B vaccine for all newborns began in 1992, and according to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), operated jointly by the CDC and FDA, there were 36,788 officially reported adverse reactions to hepatitis B vaccines between 1992 and 2005. Of these, 14,800 were serious enough to cause hospitalization, life-threatening health events or permanent disabilities. And 781 people were reported to have DIED following hepatitis B vaccination — and this is likely an underestimate because only a fraction of the serious health problems, including deaths, following vaccination are ever acknowledged due to a lack of public awareness about how to recognize signs and symptoms of vaccine reactions. Vaccine adverse events are substantially underreported—some estimate by as much as 90 percent—even though the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 mandated that all doctors and other vaccine providers report serious health problems, including hospitalizations, injuries and deaths following vaccination. The 1986 Act did not include sanctions for failing to report potential vaccine reactions to VAERS and so most vaccine providers do not file a report when the health of a person recently vaccinated begins to deteriorate. Many vaccine reactions are not even recognized by medical personnel as vaccine-related. For instance, when babies die after hep B vaccinations, most of the time their deaths are automatically attributed to SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome) without investigation into whether the vaccine caused the baby’s sudden death. When a baby’s death is listed as “SIDS,” rarely does anyone ask about the deceased infant’s vaccination history to find out whether there were symptoms of vaccine reactions before death.

You Catch Hepatitis B the Same Way You Catch AIDS

The serious safety risks surrounding the hep B shot become even more unacceptable when you look into how the disease is actually transmitted. Hepatitis B is a viral infection that affects your liver, and spreads through direct contact with the body fluids (particularly blood and semen) of an infected person. Hepatitis B is a primarily blood-transmitted disease associated with lifestyle choices such as unprotected sex with multiple partners and intravenous drug use involving sharing needles—it is NOT primarily a “children’s disease” or that of newborn babies! As the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) reported in the 1990’s, after the federal government licensed and began promoting universal use of hepatitis B vaccine for all newborn infants and children: “In increasing numbers, parents across the country are contacting the National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) to report opposition to regulations being enacted by state health department officials that legally require children to be injected with three doses of hepatitis B vaccine before being allowed to attend daycare, kindergarten, elementary school, high school or college. Simultaneously, as more schools and employers bow to pressure from government health officials and require individuals to show proof they have been injected with hepatitis B vaccine before being allowed to get an education or a job, reports of serious health problems following hepatitis B vaccination among children and adults are multiplying.”

What Other Side Effects are Associated with Hep B Vaccine?

Common reactions include fatigue, muscle weakness, fever, headache, irritability, and joint pain. But there have been reports of disabling neurological and immunological disorders that have developed following hepatitis B vaccinations as well, including:

Multiple sclerosis (MS) Guillain Barre syndrome Bell’s Palsy Diabetes Rheumatoid arthritis Lupus Idiopathic Thrombocytopenia purpura Convulsions and brain disorders such as encephalitis (brain swelling) and brain demyelination Immune dysfunction Visual and hearing impairments, including optic neuritis Pancreatitis Autism spectrum disorders

A study published September 2009 in Annals of Epidemiology also found that giving hepatitis B vaccine to infant boys more than tripled their risk for an autism spectrum disorder. This was doubly concerning because an earlier study by the same researcher group, using a different database, found the same results. For all of these serious risks, what is your baby getting in return? Consider that not only do infants and children rarely acquire hepatitis B, but vaccines only confer temporary, partial immunity and the length of time you are protected from hepatitis B after receiving the vaccine series has gotten shorter and shorter as studies have revealed antibody levels decline much more rapidly than vaccine developers and policymakers expected. What this means is that by the time your child may be exposed to hepatitis B, the vaccine they received at birth will likely no longer offer them protection. So why vaccinate them at birth, especially considering that babies have been found to respond to the vaccine by having an intense, persistent and completely abnormal immune response, which could ultimately result in your child developing permanent brain and immune system dysfunction? It is not logical. Makes no sense, none, nada, zip. This is a seriously flawed public health policy recommendation that is not backed up by good science.

Doctors Actually Encouraged to Spend LESS Time Warning of Vaccine Dangers!

The knowledge that vaccines carry risks is becoming more widespread in the United States and other developed countries as more children and adults are getting vaccinated with multiple vaccines and suffering serious health problems that become permanent. At the same time, parents are asking doctors more questions about why vaccines are not making their children healthier but are making them sicker and doctors and public health officials have no answers. The bottom line is that, as more people become educated about vaccine side effects, they are demanding to take control of their health. It is a GREAT sign, as it means the more people are educating themselves, the more they are taking responsibility for making their own health care decisions. In fact, according to a new report in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine nearly 80 percent of pediatricians and family care physicians have at least one vaccine refusal a month, and 89 percent have at least one request a month to spread out the administration of vaccines over multiple visits. The conclusion of the report, though, was that as parents become more aware of vaccine safety concerns, physicians are having to take more time discussing this at appointments. And this, the report found, was making their jobs “less satisfying,” especially for pediatricians. That’s right, the study found that 46 percent of pediatricians reported their job was less satisfying because of parental vaccine concerns. After all, the study shows that about one in two doctors may spend up to 19 minutes on the topic with parents who have substantial immunization concerns. The researchers actually concluded: “The burden of communicating with parents about vaccines is high, especially among pediatricians. Physicians report the greatest success convincing skeptical parents using messages that rely on their personal choices and experiences.” In other words, since it’s apparently simply too much trouble for pediatricians to address the valid concerns of parents AND because pediatricians do not have good answers for why so many highly vaccinated children are so sick, perhaps they shouldn’t bother answering questions, or perhaps they should instill their own personal beliefs and vaccine risk denial onto patients in an effort to shut them up quickly. I guess when it comes to the safety of a child, 19 minutes is too much to ask of many pediatricians. If yours is one of them, I suggest you find a new pediatrician, pronto. Remember you can always FIRE your doctor. It is YOUR right and YOUR choice to take control of your health and your family’s health and you should NEVER allow any doctor to interfere with that right.

What Every Parent Should Know About Vaccinations

I want to remind you that you have every right to not only ask questions about vaccine safety, but also to decide which vaccinations you would like to receive or decline for yourself and your children. I highly recommend all parents consider the following steps before consenting to vaccinations, including hepatitis B:

Educate yourself about vaccination, including reading the vaccine manufacturer product inserts for vaccines that your doctor is recommending and reviewing vaccine information on this website and websites like NVIC.org.

Help educate your family, and your community by circulating this newsletter among your friends, neighbors, doctors, lawyers, teachers, school principles, nurses, local newspaper, TV and radio stations. Send a copy of this newsletter with a personal note to your elected representatives.

The National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) provides information for consumers about vaccines and diseases and works to protect vaccine choices. Register today for the NVIC Advocacy Portal, an online interactive database and communication system that will help YOU protect vaccine exemptions in YOUR state.

Report vaccine reactions to the federal government (VAERS) and to the NVIC Vaccine Reaction Registry by visiting the NVIC website. This reporting is EXTREMELY important and necessary if we are to accelerate change.

If you are pregnant, get tested for hepatitis B disease. If you are infected, your baby may be at higher risk for becoming infected with hepatitis B and is a candidate for vaccination, so you should explore all sides of the issue with your physician.

Stand up for your informed consent rights. If you are opposed to the hepatitis B vaccine for your baby at birth, you can amend the “consent for medical treatment” forms you sign upon entering the hospital before giving birth by writing on the form that you do not give consent for your baby’s hepatitis B vaccination in the newborn nursery.However, there are reports that some newborns are being vaccinated in the newborn nursery against the parent’s wishes. So it is a good idea to keep your newborn with you at all times or have a family member stay with the baby while in the hospital.

Vaccine exemptions: Although hepatitis B vaccines may be “mandated” for your child to attend school, each state offers different legal exemptions (medical, religious, and philosophical). Research your state’s specific vaccine requirements and find out what kind of exemption to vaccination you are allowed to exercise in your state.

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/05/19/us-government-concedes-hep-b-vaccine-causes-systemic-lupus-erythematosus.aspx",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32740,"by Greg Henderson

cattlenetwork.com

Urban agriculture, the practice of growing food on rooftops, in backyards and in community gardens, has been an increasing source of food in developing countries for the last half century. In recent years the practice also has become popular in America, especially in many post-industrial cities that have experienced decline as manufacturing businesses closed.

Despite the increase in food production within cities, citizens continue to depend on the importation of food to meet their daily basic needs. A new study from The Ohio State University, however, suggests that most modern cities have the potential to generate up to 100 percent of their current needs for produce and other items.

The study, “Can cities become self-reliant in food?,” conducted by Parwinder Grewal, professor of entomology and director of the Center for Urban Environment and Economic Development at Ohio State University, suggests that a city such as Cleveland, OH, could produce most of the food its citizens need.

Grewal determined that Cleveland has more than 3,000 acres of vacant lots that are the result of years of manufacturing job losses, the recent economic downturn and a high rate of home foreclosures. He also found 2,900 acres of flat rooftops.

“Cleveland is very progressive in urban agriculture, with more than 200 community gardens (about 50 acres) in existence and legislation that allows for beekeeping and the production of small livestock within the city,” Grewal said. “While not trivial, current local food production only accounts for 1.7 percent ($$1.5 million) of the $$89 million Cleveland spends annually on fresh produce, and 0.1 percent of the city’s total food and beverage expenditures. However, the potential for food self-reliance is significantly higher considering available space in the city.”

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.cattlenetwork.com/cattle-news/Study-suggests-cities-could-produce-most-of-their-food-129485508.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21935,"On March 29, 2009, Robert Stewart, 45, stormed into the Pinelake Health and Rehab nursing home in Carthage, North Carolina and opened fire, killing eight people and wounding two. Stewart’s apparent target was his estranged wife, who worked as a nurse in the home. She hid in a bathroom and was unharmed. Stewart was charged with eight counts of first-degree murder; if convicted, he could face the death penalty. Even though there was evidence that Stewart’s actions were premeditated (he allegedly had a target), Stewart’s defense team successfully argued that since he was under the influence of Ambien, a sleep aid, at the time of the shooting, he was not in control of his actions. Instead of the charges sought by the prosecutors, Stewart was convicted on eight counts of second-degree murder. The Ambien defense was also used in the case of Julie Ann Bronson, a 45-year-old flight attendant from Texas. In April of 2009, Bronson took a couple of Ambien to help her sleep. She had been drinking wine earlier in the day, and went to bed early. She awoke the following morning in jail, still in her pajamas, barefoot and terrified. When she was told that she had run over three people, including an 18-month-old girl who suffered severe brain damage as a result of the wreck, she was horrified. “It was surreal. It was like a bad dream.” In May of 2012, Bronson pleaded guilty to the felonies of intoxication assault and failure to stop and render aid. “I did the crime but I never intended to do it,” she testified. “I wouldn’t hurt a flea. And if I would have hit somebody, I would have stopped and helped. We’re trained in CPR.” Bronson faced ten years, but because of the Ambien defense, she will serve six months in prison and have ten years of probation Ironically, you are more likely to be successful using the Ambien defense if you injure or kill someone than if you just crash into a parked car or a tree.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47194,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News

Scientists in California published a study investigating the effects of saturated versus unsaturated fat in the diets of mice, as well as fructose, on obesity and diabetes. The unsaturated fat was soybean oil, and the saturated fat was coconut oil, along with a fructose.

Soybean oil came out the clear loser when looking at the dietary effect on obesity and diabetes. The researchers found:

Taken together, our results indicate that in mice a diet high in soybean oil is more detrimental to metabolic health than a diet high in fructose or coconut oil.

The title of the study, published in PLoS One, is Soybean Oil Is More Obesogenic and Diabetogenic than Coconut Oil and Fructose in Mouse: Potential Role for the Liver

USDA Dietary Advice Flawed

This is bad news for Americans, as soybean oil has most of the market share in the U.S. edible oil industry, and is the most common dietary oil found in processed foods. Most of the U.S. soybean crop is also genetically modified. If you see an ingredient on a package that says “vegetable oil,” chances are pretty good that it is soybean oil. While coconut oil has made great strides in the U.S. market in recent years, it is still only about 4% of the U.S. edible oil market.

We can blame government nutritional policy on deciding which fats and oils are healthy and which ones are not, which historically has been based more on politics than real nutrition science.

Saturated fatty acids (SFAs) were deemed unhealthy due to studies in the 1950s and 1960s that showed a positive correlation between dietary SFAs and the risk for cardiovascular disease. As a result, nutritional guidelines were developed that encouraged people to reduce their intake of saturated fat, typically found in meat and dairy products, and increase their intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) found in plant oils. These guidelines are still in effect today. In recent years, however, there has been a shift in the dialogue surrounding which dietary fats are the most harmful, with some studies suggesting a reconsideration of nutritional guidelines. In particular, there is a growing body of evidence that suggests that saturated fat from sources such as coconut and palm oil, which are rich in medium chain triglycerides (MCTs), may actually be beneficial for the prevention and treatment of the Metabolic Syndrome.

This is not news to those of us in the alternative media, of course, as we have been publishing the truth about fats and oils for decades now.

What is somewhat surprising, however, is that soybean oil was found to be a greater risk factor for obesity and diabetes than even a high fructose diet.

Reference

Soybean Oil Is More Obesogenic and Diabetogenic than Coconut Oil and Fructose in Mouse: Potential Role for the Liver. – Deol P, Evans JR, Dhahbi J, Chellappa K, Han DS, Spindler S, Sladek FM. – PLoS One. 2015 Jul 22;10(7)

About the author: Unlike many people who write about coconut oil by simply reading about it, Brian Shilhavy actually lived in a coconut producing area of the Philippines for several years with his family, observing firsthand the differences between the diet and health of the younger generation and those of his wife’s parents’ generation still consuming a traditional diet. This led to years of studying Philippine nutrition and dietary patterns first hand while living in a rural farming community in the Philippines. Brian is the author of the best-selling book: Virgin Coconut Oil: How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!

Read the Virgin Coconut Oil Book on Your Mobile Device!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32834,"Health Impact News Editor

A mother submitted this photo from a physician’s website in Pennsylvania on the VacTruth Facebook Page. As you can read, it states that since 2012 “children who are not fully vaccinated will be denied entry to the school building.”

She asks: “Is that legal? We live in Pennsylvania.”

No, the information is incorrect, even though it is written on a physician’s form. Here is what the law states in Pennsylvania:

28 Pa. Code. § 23.84

§ 23.84. Exemption from immunization.

(a) Medical exemption. Children need not be immunized if a physician or the physician’s designee provides a written statement that immunization may be detrimental to the health of the child. When the physician determines that immunization is no longer detrimental to the health of the child, the child shall be immunized according to this subchapter.

(b) Religious exemption. Children need not be immunized if the parent, guardian or emancipated child objects in writing to the immunization on religious grounds or on the basis of a strong moral or ethical conviction similar to a religious belief.

Know your rights and do your own research before you vaccinate. Do not be intimidated by pro-vaccine doctors. A list of all states’ legal exemptions can be found at The National Vaccine Information Center.

Saying NO To Vaccines

By Dr. Sherri Tenpenny

You have legal options!

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23781,"By KPStollerMD (Contact [1])

To be delivered to: Kathleen Sebelius, Secretary of Health and Human Services

According to a recently published, industry-sponsored study conducted on 12,852 young women, HPV vaccination was found to reduce HPV-16 infections a mere 0.6% in vaccinated women versus unvaccinated women. At the same time, other high-risk (carcinogenic) HPV infections were diagnosed in vaccinated women 2.6% to 6.2% more frequently than in the unvaccinated women. The increased rate of infections caused by carcinogenic HPV types other than those targeted by Gardasil® in vaccinated women is 4 to 10 times higher than the reduction in HPV 16/18 infections.[1]

These statistics are not exactly encouraging when it comes to demonstrating efficacy for Gardasil®. In fact, quite the opposite – these figures seem to indicate that women who receive Gardasil® may indeed increase their risk of developing cervical cancer from high-risk HPV types that are not targeted by the vaccine.

Medical consumers cannot afford to take the chance of increasing their risk of contracting a disease that has been virtually eradicated by good gynecological care in the United States (cervical cancer) by taking a series of HPV vaccines and hoping they will find out decades later the vaccine worked. It is certainly not a risk children should have to take.

Armed with the knowledge that any drug approved under the FDA’s accelerated approval process using a surrogate endpoint, such as Gardasil®, requires post-marketing studies “to verify and describe the drugs clinical benefit and to resolve remaining uncertainty as to the relation of the surrogate endpoint upon which approval was based to clinical benefit…[2],” the SaneVax Team felt compelled to appealed to you, Kathleen Sebelius, Secretary of Health and Human Services, as you are in charge of FDA/CDC oversight.

On 31 January 2012, SaneVax Inc. sent an open letter to you[3] asking you to rescind approval for Gardasil® based on the lack of efficacy demonstrated in the ATHENA study referenced above.

If the Department of Health and Human Services is truly interested in public health and safety, you will do the right thing and rescind Gardasil® approval until the manufacturer can provide scientifically sound data proving this new drug is actually effective.

In the meantime, medical consumers around the globe have a choice. And demand scientific proof of efficacy before submitting to HPV vaccination.

References:

1. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21944226 (see table 3, The ATHENA human papillomavirus study: design, methods, and baseline results.)

2. http://www.fda.gov/ohrms/dockets/ac/03/briefing/3936B1_0 … (57 FR 58942)

3. Copy of letter to Kathleen Sebelius, Secretary of Health and Human Services at http://sanevax.org/sanevax-open-letter-to-kathleen-sebel …",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23831,"Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

Dr. Taya Varteresian, a board certified psychiatrist working for the Veterans Administration, is the lead publisher in an article in the journal Current Psychiatry Reports titled: “Natural products and supplements for geriatric depression and cognitive disorders: an evaluation of the research.”

According to the abstract, more and more elderly people are starting to use “Complementary and Alternative Medicine (CAM) for late-life mood and cognitive disorders.” This obviously concerns psychiatrists, since their main remedies for “cognitive disorders” are powerful anti-psychotic drugs. They are not trained in natural supplements, therefore they apparently felt the need to educate other psychiatrists about the “side effects and indications for various natural products” so that psychiatrists could “protect their patients.”

Unfortunately, the patients probably need protection against the powerful arsenal of psychiatric drugs more than they do against harmless natural supplements and foods!

This is particularly true regarding anti-psychotic drugs prescribed to veterans, where the rate of suicide is far above the rate among the general population. More service members die by suicide than in combat, with 22 veterans killing themselves every single day. Obviously our pharma-based mental health system is not helping veterans, as suicide is a side effect of many anti-psychotic drugs.

So what are these dangerous supplements and “CAM products” that the field of psychiatry feels the need to warn fellow doctors about? According to the abstract they are: “omega-3 fatty acids, ginkgo biloba, SAMe, St John’s wort, B vitamins and vitamin D, huperzine, caprylidene, and coconut oil.” If these supplements are bringing about positive changes in the lives of elderly folks, it is not surprising that they are competing with Big Pharma drugs, which have a multitude of side effects, and little or no effect on cognitive diseases like Alzheimer’s. Unfortunately, Medicare and insurance companies will cover the toxic drugs, which the medical system admits kill over 100,000 people a year (not including suicides or other secondary deaths), but they will not cover natural products that have few or no side effects, but are often far more effective.

If this list is indicative of natural remedies that are effective and present competition to Big Pharma, it might be well worth the time to do your own research into each one rather than trust a doctor who has been trained by Big Pharma-funded psychiatrists to advise you on natural supplements and foods. The largest criminal convictions in modern times are against the pharmaceutical companies selling these powerful drugs through the pseudo-science of psychiatry, often through deception and “off label” prescriptions for conditions the drugs were never tested against. (See: Pharmaceutical companies now among largest corporate criminals in the world: no better than white-collar drug dealers.) Their list of “dangerous” natural products might be unwittingly tipping you off to the most successful natural products to combat mental disease.

We have often reported here at Health Impact News on the testimonials of families who have successfully incorporated coconut oil and a high-fat diet into the lives of seniors suffering from mental illness with great success. (See: New Alzheimer’s Drugs Continue to Fail Where Coconut Oil Shines)

Don’t be fooled by dire warnings made against natural products such as coconut oil by Big Pharma and Big Pharma-funded mainstream media. The scare tactics usually look like this:

1. There is no science to support health claims of natural products like coconut oil.

FALSE. There are plenty of scientific studies regarding coconut oil, the high-fat ketogenic diet, and natural supplements. It is true that rigorous and costly studies as are spent by drug companies to get their products FDA approved will seldom be funded or conducted on natural products. This is because they cannot be patented to obtain a return on such an investment as the lucrative FDA-approved products can provide. However, natural products also do not need such extensive research, since they are not toxic and they are not killing people like pharmaceutical products are. Coconut oil, for example, has been nourishing billions of people around the world for thousands of years.

2. Natural products like coconut oil are dangerous because they are not regulated or approved by the FDA.

FALSE. Just the opposite is true. Nobody is dying from toxic side effects of natural foods and supplements (because there are none), but over 100,000 people a year die from prescription drugs.

There is actually one claim made against natural supplements that is generally true: their interaction with prescription drugs is unknown and potentially dangerous. However, this is true because pharmaceutical drugs are inherently dangerous, even without interactions with other products.

Of course we would disagree with the medical community’s suggested solution regarding potential dangerous drug interactions, which would be to forgo natural treatments in favor of “approved” drugs. Instead, one might want to skip the “approved” drugs and try the natural products first.

But that would put a lot of people out of business, wouldn’t it? If people found natural products to be more effective for mental illness, they might never return to the toxic drugs. It is not likely that Big Pharma will allow that to happen.

Reference

Natural products and supplements for geriatric depression and cognitive disorders: an evaluation of the research. Curr Psychiatry Rep. 2014 Aug;16(8):456.

Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease

A Holistic Guide to Geriatric Care – eBook

In this book we look at the problems and causes of Alzheimer’s as they are related to an epidemic of prescription drugs being marketed to seniors, and we look at the strong evidence for dietary intervention, starting with coconut oil.

We bring you the stories of 10 different families who saw Alzheimer’s lessened or reversed by adding coconut oil to their diet, which is representative of thousands of others who are experiencing similar results. We offer guidelines on usage and types of coconut oil to consider, as well as other non-drug tips for holistic geriatric care.

Our target audience is the millions of caregivers out there loving caring for our senior population who will find it difficult to get this information from their doctors or medical professionals not trained in these areas.

Read Virgin Coconut Oil and Alzheimer’s Disease on your mobile device!

$$1.99

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

Free Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33055,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Dr. Alice Newton, the Medical Director of the Massachusetts General Hospital Child Protection Program, is back in the news. Dr. Newton gained attention in the media in 2014 during the Justina Pelletier [2] medical kidnapping case when she used the designation of “medical child abuse” to take Justina away from her parents. Justina’s parents were not happy with the treatment of Justina, and had sought a second opinion, more consistent with their regular doctor.

In this report from WCVB in Boston, two people who were accused of “Shaken Baby Syndrome” by Dr. Alice Newton have allegedly had their charges dropped after being wrongly convicted on false evidence. Dr. Newton is part of a recently created pediatric specialty that looks for medical child abuse. Some would say that these specialists must find medical abuse to justify their positions, and that they often are quick to make judgments without considering other evidence. (See: Are New Pediatric “Child Abuse Specialists” Causing an Increase in Medical Kidnappings? [3])

5 Investigates: Same expert behind two dropped shaken baby cases

By Kathy Curran [1]

WCVB.com [1]

Excerpts:

Aisling Brady McCarthy spent more than two years behind bars while charged with murder in the death of 1-year-old Rehma Sabir, but 5 Investigates has found it’s not the first shaken baby allegation by the Middlesex District Attorney’s Office that was dropped in the past year.

Geoffrey Wilson of Malden was accused in 2010 of shaking his 6-month-old son, Nathan, to death. But defense experts found Wilson’s son had a rare genetic defect that may have played a role in his death.

Last year the Medical Examiner’s Office changed the manner of death from “homicide” to “cannot be determined” and — more than four years after being charged — the case against him was dropped.

The prosecution’s medical expert at the center of both cases was Dr. Alice Newton.

Wilson’s attorney, J.W. Carney, said the case against his client was a “rush to judgment.”

“Geoff Wilson was arrested at the hospital two hours after his child was taken off life support,” Carney said.

The science behind shaken baby diagnoses are being questioned and in some cases thrown out across the country.

“So many questions are being raised about shaken baby syndrome that there are more dismissals of pending cases than there are of new indictments,” Carney said.

Read the full story at wcvb.com [1]

Comment on this article on MedicalKidnap.com [5]

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32549,"Soybean oil is the most common oil used in the US, but this is a relatively new phenomenon. Prior to 1900, cooking was done with lard and butter, and the processed foods that are now primary sources of soybean oil (and other soy ingredients) were nonexistent. In the 1950s, saturated fats were condemned on the basis of them raising your cholesterol and causing heart disease – a theory that has since been proven wrong, but which is still lingering in medical offices and public nutrition regulations. Partially hydrogenated soybean oil was developed to replace saturated fats like butter and lard in the food supply. Not only did consumers embrace it, but food manufacturers did even more so because of its low cost, long shelf-life, and stability at room temperature. There was just one problem: partially hydrogenated oils are sources of trans fats, which are now known to cause chronic health problems such as obesity, asthma, auto-immune disease, cancer, and bone degeneration. Yet, even if you take the hydrogenation process out of the picture, soybean oil is still detrimental to your health. While trans fats are now being pulled out of processed foods due to their extreme health risks, soybean oil is still fair game… but it shouldn’t be – and here’s why.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24501,"Turmeric is one the most thoroughly researched plants in existence today. Its medicinal properties and components (primarily curcumin) have been the subject of over 5600 peer-reviewed and published biomedical studies. In fact, our five-year long research project on this sacred plant has revealed over 600 potential preventive and therapeutic applications, as well as 175 distinct beneficial physiological effects. Given the sheer density of research performed on this remarkable spice, it is no wonder that a growing number of studies have concluded that it compares favorably to a variety of conventional medications.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33237,"Photo by Matti Á, flickr.com

by Ellen Barrington

Creation Ministries International

Do you believe in Richard Dawkins? If your answer was yes, why? Most of us have assumed Dawkins’ existence based on very little evidence. I for one have never met him. And though I’ve seen a couple of pieces of video footage, a few pictures […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17354,"by Dr. Mercola

Researchers have found that daily intakes of vitamin D by adults in the range of 4000-8000 IU are needed to maintain blood levels of vitamin D metabolites in the range needed to reduce by about half the risk of breast cancer, colon cancer, multiple sclerosis, and type 1 diabetes.

While an Institute of Medicine committee has stated that 4000 IU/day is a safe dosage, their recommended minimum daily intake is only 600 IU/day. According to the study in the journal Anticancer Research:

“The supplemental dose ensuring that 97.5 percent of this population achieved a serum 25(OH)D of at least 40 ng/ml was 9,600 IU/d … Universal intake of up to 40,000 IU vitamin D per day is unlikely to result in vitamin D toxicity.”

Meanwhile, during the winter, pre-teen girls especially may need more vitamin D to have healthy bones, according to a separate new study. The research found that teen girls need a vitamin D intake of about 750 IU per day to have levels in their blood that allow for healthy bone growth.

This amount is higher than the U.S. Institute of Medicine’s recommendation of 600 IU per day.

Reuters reports:

“… [W]earing sun block and not spending time outside can cut down on the vitamin D we get from the sun.”

Sources:

Anticancer Research 2011; 31(2)

Reuters February 11, 2011

The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition

Dr. Mercola’s Comments:

This new research confirms what I have been saying for some time now, that Americans simply are not getting enough vitamin D to maintain healthy bones, much less getting enough to fight off the diseases that vitamin D has been shown to cut the risk of in half. I was one of the first to publicly advocate increasing your vitamin D level. This new study validates the concept that therapeutic doses of up to 40,000 IU a day is unlikely to result in vitamin D toxicity. It has been my experience that many are still nervous about taking doses larger than 1000 to 2000 units per day. This is unfortunate as most adults without sun exposure will need 6-8,000 units of vitamin D per day to attain healthy vitamin D levels. Earlier studies have shown that optimizing your vitamin D levels could help you to prevent at least 16 different types of cancer including pancreatic, lung, ovarian, prostate, and skin cancers. The four major points to remember about vitamin D are the following: Your best source for this vitamin is exposure to the sun, without sunblock on your skin, until your skin turns the lightest shade of pink. While this isn’t always possible due to the change of the seasons and your geographic location (and your skin color), this is the ideal to aim for. Vitamin D supplementation can fill the gaps during the winter months outside of the tropics, when healthy sun exposure is not an option. When you do supplement with vitamin D, you’ll only want to supplement with natural vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol). Do NOT use the synthetic and highly inferior vitamin D2, which is the one most doctors will give you in a prescription most of the time unless you ask specifically for D3. Get your vitamin D blood levels checked! The only way to determine the correct dose is to get your blood tested since there are so many variables that influence your vitamin D status. I recommend using Lab Corp in the U.S. If you get it done by Quest, you’ll need to divide your result by 1.3 to get the “real” number. Getting the correct test is the first step in this process, as there are TWO vitamin D tests currently being offered: 1,25(OH)D and 25(OH)D. The correct test your doctor needs to order is 25(OH)D, also called 25-hydroxyvitamin D, which is the better marker of overall D status. This is the marker that is most strongly associated with overall health.

What is Vitamin D?

Vitamin D is a steroid hormone that influences virtually every cell in your body, and is easily one of nature’s most potent cancer fighters. Receptors that respond to vitamin D have been found in nearly every type of human cell, from your bones to your brain. Your organs can convert the vitamin D in your bloodstream into calcitriol, which is the hormonal or activated version of vitamin D. Your organs then use it to repair damage, including damage from cancer cells and tumors. Theories linking vitamin D to certain cancers have been tested and confirmed in more than 200 epidemiological studies, and understanding of its physiological basis stems from more than 2,500 laboratory studies, according to epidemiologist Cedric Garland, DrPH, professor of family and preventive medicine at the UC San Diego School of Medicine. Dr. Garland is widely regarded as the leading epidemiologist on vitamin D and its relation to health. He led one study on vitamin D for cancer prevention and proposed a new model of cancer development — dubbed DINOMIT– that is centered on a loss of cancer cells’ ability to stick together.

Pre-Teen Girls and Vitamin D

In one of the new studies above, Kevin Cashman, head of the School of Food and Nutritional Sciences at University College Cork in Ireland, found that teen girls need a vitamin D intake of about 750 IU per day to have levels in their blood that allow for healthy bone growth. Please remember though that the lowest level of vitamin D is needed to help bone growth. Far higher levels are required to get the benefits for treating cancer, heart disease and the many other conditions that vitamin D benefits. According to Dr. Steven Abrams, professor of pediatrics at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston: “It means that below that level that there’s a risk that all of the needs for bone health are not being met.” But is 750 IU per day really enough to meet the needs of a growing body?

My Recommendations for Vitamin D Dosing

When you are not able to get healthy, safe, daily sun exposure, the new research referenced in the article above indicates the average efficacious dose of vitamin D for reaching the levels thought to fight disease in study subjects was found to be 9,600 IU per day, well above the rates currently recommended by either the government or even myself. And that dose only produced blood levels of 40 ng/ml in study subjects, not nearly the level of 60 ng/ml that I currently recommend for optimal disease fighting. Ideally, it is best to get your vitamin D from sun exposure. However, it’s important to realize that sun exposure needs are dependent on numerous factors, such as the color of your skin, your location, age, altitude, and season. The study above found that daily intakes of vitamin D by adults in the range of 4000-8000 IU were needed to maintain blood levels of vitamin D metabolites in the range needed to reduce by about half the risk of breast cancer, colon cancer, multiple sclerosis, and type 1 diabetes. So, although these recommendations may put you closer to the ballpark of what most people likely need, it is simply impossible to make a blanket recommendation that will cover everyone’s needs. For instance, the lighter your skin, the more vitamin D you will produce from sun exposure, and the closer you live to the equator, the more vitamin D the sun on your skin will produce. So it is a fine science trying to figure out how much vitamin D your body is able to produce naturally. You really need to be your own vitamin D level sleuth, and I suggest you do the necessary work, because this is truly one of the most powerhouse vitamins available for your health, and one that and the majority of people currently are deficient. The only way to truly optimize your own vitamin D levels are to work with your doctor taking the 25 OH D test and then supplement with a dose somewhere in the range of 5000-40,000, and retest your blood levels after a few months of supplementation. According to the study above entitled “Vitamin D Supplement Doses and Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D in the Range Associated with Cancer Prevention”: “Studies indicate that intake of vitamin D in the range from 1,100 to 4,000 IU/d and a serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D concentration [25(OH)D] from 60-80 ng/ml may be needed to reduce cancer risk. Per 1000 IU/day, 10 ng/ml rise starting at 10 ng/ml; only 8 ng/ml rise starting at 30 ng/ml; only 5 ng/ml rise starting at 50 ng/ml.” This means a law of diminishing returns applies to vitamin D supplementation, as after 30ng/ml the amount your blood level vitamin D rises is LESS with each further increase of 1000 IU. This is why doses approaching 10,000 IU may be necessary to fight cancer for people with already low blood levels of vitamin D. For children below the age of 5 I recommend 35 IU per pound per day and for pregnant women I recommend anywhere from 5,000 to 10,000 IU per day. But again, there really is no “right” amount unless you take the time to have your blood levels checked. And I certainly wouldn’t recommend more than 40,000 IU per day for anyone at this time, especially without monitoring your blood level of vitamin D.

Optimal Vitamin D Levels Explained

The “normal” 25-hydroxyvitamin D lab range is between 20-56 ng/ml. As you can see from this discussion, this conventional range is really a sign of deficiency, and is too broad to be ideal. In fact, your vitamin D level should not be below 32 ng/ml, and any levels below 20 ng/ml are considered serious deficiency states, increasing your risk of cancer and autoimmune diseases like multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis, just to name a few. The OPTIMAL value that you’re looking for is 50-65 ng/ml and for those with diseases probably 60-85 ng/ml. Remember that if you were in the sun nearly every day with large amounts of your skin exposed and not taking any oral vitamin D, your level would be around 100 ng/ml. This range applies for everyone: children, adolescents, adults and seniors. Keeping your level in this range, and even erring toward the higher numbers in this range, is going to give you the most protective benefit. And the way you maintain your levels within this range is by getting tested regularly — say two to four times a year in the beginning, and adjusting your vitamin D intake accordingly.

Astaxanthin as an Internal Sunscreen

Too much sun exposure can be just as much of a problem as too little, but you want to avoid commercial sunscreens at all costs, as they put harmful chemicals into your bloodstream that can cause potential health risks far outweighing the gains of blocking out the good UVB rays in the first place. Astaxanthin has recently jumped to the front of the line in terms of its status as a “supernutrient,” becoming the focus of a large and growing number of peer-reviewed scientific studies. One of the benefits of astaxanthin that has piqued the interest of researchers is its ability to protect your skin from the sun, and thereby reduce the signs of aging. Cyanotech Corporation funded a study through an independent consumer research laboratory to measure the skin’s resistance to both UVA and UVB light, before and after astaxanthin supplementation. The result was that in only two weeks of taking 4mg per day, subjects showed a significant increase in the amount of time necessary for UV radiation to redden their skin. Animal studies lend further evidence to astaxanthin’s effects as an internal sunscreen. Consider the following: In 1995, hairless mice were fed various combinations of astaxanthin, beta-carotene and retinol for four months. After irradiation, astaxanthin alone or in combination with retinol was substantially effective in preventing photoaging of the skin (as measured by markers for skin damage

In a 1998 study with rats, astaxanthin was found to be 100 times stronger than beta-carotene and 1000 times stronger than lutein in preventing UVA light-induced oxidative stress. The Journal of Dermatological Science published a study in 2002 that found astaxanthin is able to protect against alterations in human DNA induced by UVA light exposure. So supplementing with astaxanthin is something you want to consider to maximize your body’s internal ability to fight damage from the sun while you are getting safe sun exposure to optimize your vitamin D levels. Astaxanthin is certainly a better sunscreen option than most commercial sunscreens, which I do not recommend.

How to Further Optimize your Vitamin D Levels

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.

Read the Full Article Here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/03/10/what-dose-of-oral-vitamin-d-do-you-need-to-prevent-cancer.aspx

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24738,"Fasting triggers stem cell regeneration of damaged, old immune system

by Suzanne Wu

USC News

Excerpts:

In the first evidence of a natural intervention triggering stem cell-based regeneration of an organ or system, a study in the June 5 issue of the Cell Stem Cell shows that cycles of prolonged fasting not only protect against immune system damage — a major side effect of chemotherapy — but also induce immune system regeneration, shifting stem cells from a dormant state to a state of self-renewal.

The study has major implications for healthier aging, in which immune system decline contributes to increased susceptibility to disease as people age. By outlining how prolonged fasting cycles — periods of no food for two to four days at a time over the course of six months — kill older and damaged immune cells and generate new ones, the research also has implications for chemotherapy tolerance and for those with a wide range of immune system deficiencies, including autoimmunity disorders.

“We could not predict that prolonged fasting would have such a remarkable effect in promoting stem cell-based regeneration of the hematopoietic system,” said corresponding author Valter Longo, Edna M. Jones Professor of Gerontology and the Biological Sciences at the USC Davis School of Gerontology and director of the USC Longevity Institute.

Prolonged fasting forces the body to use stores of glucose, fat and ketones, but it also breaks down a significant portion of white blood cells. Longo likens the effect to lightening a plane of excess cargo.

During each cycle of fasting, this depletion of white blood cells induces changes that trigger stem cell-based regeneration of new immune system cells. In particular, prolonged fasting reduced the enzyme PKA, an effect previously discovered by the Longo team to extend longevity in simple organisms and which has been linked in other research to the regulation of stem cell self-renewal and pluripotency — that is, the potential for one cell to develop into many different cell types. Prolonged fasting also lowered levels of IGF-1, a growth-factor hormone that Longo and others have linked to aging, tumor progression and cancer risk.

“PKA is the key gene that needs to shut down in order for these stem cells to switch into regenerative mode. It gives the OK for stem cells to go ahead and begin proliferating and rebuild the entire system,” explained Longo, noting the potential of clinical applications that mimic the effects of prolonged fasting to rejuvenate the immune system. “And the good news is that the body got rid of the parts of the system that might be damaged or old, the inefficient parts, during the fasting. Now, if you start with a system heavily damaged by chemotherapy or aging, fasting cycles can generate, literally, a new immune system.”

“While chemotherapy saves lives, it causes significant collateral damage to the immune system. The results of this study suggest that fasting may mitigate some of the harmful effects of chemotherapy,” said co-author Tanya Dorff, assistant professor of clinical medicine at the USC Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center and Hospital.

Read the Full Article here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
53771,"Health Impact News

As 2014 begins to unfold, it is becoming clear that the medical care industry is facing a crisis.

We have already reported about how many doctors are refusing to participate in the new Obamacare health insurance exchanges (See: Seven out of every 10 Physicians in California are Rebelling against Obamacare). But another unintended consequence of new medical care legislation is the refusal of nurses to comply with new mandatory flu vaccination requirements. With a nation-wide shortage in nurses already problematic long before Obamacare was implemented, things are only going to get worse.

Experienced nurses across the United States are choosing to lose their jobs rather than submit to forced mandatory flu vaccinations. This began last flu season, in 2012, and we reported many stories of brave nurses standing up for their rights and refusing to submit to mandatory flu vaccinations as a requirement to keeping their jobs. (See: Brave Nurses Lose Jobs to Stand on Principle and Refuse Forced Vaccinations)

Unfortunately, many of our nation’s best nurses were already lost at the beginning of the 2012-2013 flu season as new mandates in Obamacare kicked in, requiring medical care facilities to have a 90% compliance to the flu vaccine as a requirement to receive full reimbursements for Medicare and Medicaid. (See: Are Mandatory Flu Vaccines for Healthcare Workers part of Obamacare and Linked to Financial Reimbursement to Healthcare Facilities?)

The trend towards losing nurses over the mandatory flu vaccine has continued this flu season, in 2013-2014.

For example, Dreonna Breton, a registered nurse in Pennsylvania, lost her job recently due to refusing the vaccine based on medical reasons. She is pregnant, and has a history of miscarriages. Her doctor advised her NOT to get the flu vaccine, but her hospital refused her exemption and fired her. (See also: Flu Vaccines NOT Tested on Pregnant Women)

For those nurses who are granted exemptions to avoid the flu vaccine, they are forced to wear masks while at work, for the entire flu season. Since studies show that even those who are vaccinated can still pass on the influenza virus, and since the requirement to vaccinate 90% of medical care workers with the flu vaccine is a financial consideration for getting the full federal funds available for Medicare and Medicaid reimbursements, this requirement to single out those refusing vaccines is a clear case of discrimination and harassment.

Dr. Sherri Tenpenny recently stated in a T.V. interview that she has received letters from hospital workers that have no contact whatsoever with patients complaining that they too are being forced to receive the flu vaccination as a condition of employment. She reported that one such letter was from someone working in a hospital IT (Information technology) department four blocks away from any building housing patients.

Nurses across the country are gathering together on the Internet, such as the Nurses Against Mandatory Vaccines Facebook Page, and proudly displaying their masks as badges of honor in not giving in to intimidation and medical tyranny. They are some of the few honorable people left in the corrupt medical system.

See Also:

Resources:

Vaccine Rights – Alan Phillips, J.D., Attorney and Counselor at Law



Nurses Against Mandatory Vaccines Facebook Page

National Vaccine Information Center

Sign a petition at Change.org against mandatory flu vaccines.

Flu and Flu Vaccines:

What’s Coming Through That Needle – DVD

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Permission granted to republish according to Creative Commons guidelines. Please provide link back.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24328,"[1]

by Alliance for Natural Health [1]

A new study shows prescription sleeping pills bring an increased risk of dying early—or getting cancer. So why is FDA rubber-stamping such dangerous drugs?

Sleep deprivation is a serious issue. As many as 70 million Americans suffer from insomnia and other sleep disorders [2]. Some 60 million prescriptions for sleeping pills—technically called hypnotic drugs—were filled in 2011 as compared to 47 million in 2006.

Stress, an over-full lifestyle, poor diet, and especially the use of artificial light in the evening after going to bed [3], can all prevent sleep. As we reported earlier this year, lack of sleep makes you more likely to get sick [4], raises your risk of type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, and obesity, and makes you more prone to depression.

Some of the risks of sleeping pills are already well-documented: daytime drowsiness, headaches, nausea, dizziness, and addiction. But a new study published in the British Medical Journal [5] says that people taking a prescription sleeping pill—even when taking fewer than eighteen pills per year—have nearly four times the mortality rate of those who don’t take the drugs. And patients who take higher doses of sleeping pills have a 35% increased cancer risk.

This study was prompted by earlier studies showing that hypnotic drugs are often deadly when mixed with alcohol or other drugs, are linked to an increased risk of car accidents and falls, may raise risk of suicide, and may damage chromosomes in cells which could lead to cancer.

What was significant about this study is that it was long-term, keeping track of 10,529 people who had at least one prescription for a sleeping pill between 2002 and 2007, compared with a control group. While the study doesn’t demonstrate causation, it did adjust for confounding factors such as age, smoking, weight, and other health conditions.

So why is FDA approving such dangerous sleeping pills? For one thing, the clinical trials required for FDA approval may be inadequate when it comes to hypnotic drugs. Many people take non-benzodiazepine sedative hypnotics for years, even though most are approved for only short-term use and their safety and effectiveness were not evaluated beyond several weeks [6] in clinical trials. (One exception is Lunesta, which was tested for up to six months, and its list of known side effects is terrifying [7].)

Compare this to the FDA’s standard for supplements: the NDI draft guidance requires “25 years of widespread use [8]” in order to meet the “history of safe use” standard, which must be met even for grandfathered supplements. (For more on grandfathered ingredients, see our article in this issue.) As the Life Extension Foundation points out [9], the safety testing required by FDA is wildly inappropriate for supplements, and is unnecessary for natural products with years of documented safe use. Yet despite their superb track record for safety, FDA and the media have cultivated an environment of fear around nutritional supplements—while maintaining a casual attitude toward dangerous (but approved) drugs.

If you have a sleep problem, consider natural approaches [10] to help with your insomnia, and review these tips for improving your sleep [4]. Sweet dreams!

Read the full article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/die-early-with-sleeping-pills/ [1]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1702,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

There is a dirty secret in the vaccine business that is very well documented: the live oral polio vaccine can actually spread polio and causes “non-polio acute flaccid paralysis.”

This is very well-known throughout the world, but in the pro-vaccine U.S. mainstream media, this information is seldom, if ever, published, so most Americans are still under the assumption that polio has been eradicated due to vaccines.

Unfortunately, that is a false belief not supported by the facts.

As usual, we need to look at reports outside the U.S. media to find out what is happening with vaccines around the world.

LiveMint in India reported on the polio-free myth in India, explaining how the live polio vaccine was responsible for increases in paralysis. LiveMint is the second largest business newspaper in India and has an exclusive relationship with the Wall Street Journal. So this report was from the “mainstream” media in India.

Vidya Krishnan reported the story: India to get polio-free status amid rise in acute flaccid paralysis cases.

What is clear from this report, and well documented in peer-reviewed literature, is that the term “polio-free status” is completely meaningless. The designation of a country as “polio-free” is simply a triumphant marketing cry by pharmaceutical interests to continue promoting their live polio vaccines, even in the face of overwhelming evidence that oral polio vaccines do far more harm than good. The oral polio vaccine is banned in the United States and many other countries.

Here are some excerpts from Vidya’s article:

New Delhi: India will on Monday be accorded “polio-free” status by the World Health Organization (WHO), with not a single case of the crippling disease being reported in the past three years, but studies show the alarming rise of another similar paralytic condition that experts suspect may be a result of increased dosage of polio drops.

The last case of polio in the country was reported on 13 January, 2011, from West Bengal. Following the “polio-free” status, India will be certified as a polio-free nation by March, leaving Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Nigeria as the remaining polio endemic countries.

India’s dramatic turnout in polio eradication, though, has seen a consistent sidelining of the increasing incidence of non-polio acute flaccid paralysis (NPAFP) cases. In the last 13 months, India has reported at least 53,000 cases of NPAFP.

Many health activists say the government, in its rush to get the polio-free certification for the country, ignored the increasing incidence of NPAFP.

Acute flaccid paralysis (AFP) is a condition in which a patient suffers from paralysis that results in floppy limbs due to reduced muscle tone. While AFP is symptomatic of polio, it can be caused by other diseases such as the Guillain-Barre Syndrome and nerve lesions as well—the primary cause fueling the argument that India is not really free of wild polio virus.

Highest NPAFP rate

Government surveillance data show that while India is set to be tagged as polio-free, it has actually become the nation with the world’s highest rate of NPAFP incidence. In the past 13 months, India has reported 53,563 cases of NPAFP at a national rate of 12 per 100,000 children—way above the global benchmark set by WHO of 2 per 100,000.

Two doctors from Delhi’s St. Stephens Hospital, Neetu Vashisht and Jacob Puliyel, who compiled data from the national polio surveillance project, found a link between the increase in dosage of polio vaccination and the increasing cases of NPAFP.

“Most experts will tell you the cases of NPAFP have increased because of better surveillance. This is bunkum,” said Puliyel. “As per global benchmarks, as polio incidence comes down, the rate of NPAFP should also reduce. Instead, AFP cases have been increasing steadily.”

“In 2010, the government reduced the number of pulse polio doses from 10 to 6. What we found was that between 2010-2013, the number of APF cases also came down. Our paper argues that other kinds of polio are being caused by the excessive administration of polio dosages,” Puliyel said. “Another proof is that states like Kerala and Goa, where dosages were less, AFP cases was also less. Majority of NPAFP cases are reported from Bihar and UP, where several immunization rounds are held to reach universal coverage. These are figures the government does not want to admit.”

Polio’s global resurgence",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17313,"Glyphosate: Will the EPA Capitulate to Its Cronies?

by Alliance for Natural Health

They’re concerned the truth will come out about this ubiquitous poison. Action Alert!

Recently we reported that the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released a draft report on the carcinogenic potential of glyphosate, the active ingredient in Monsanto’s Roundup herbicide. This was in advance of a meeting in which a panel of scientists would discuss the available data on glyphosate and its potential to cause cancer—but that meeting never happened. It was postponed, ostensibly because the agency was seeking additional experts so there could be a more “robust review of the data.”

The biotech industry is going all out to stop this review. CropLife America, the trade group for the nation’s largest biotech and pesticide manufacturers, strenuously objected to the government reviewing the cancer data, telling the EPA that there is no need to discuss the issue at all! Outrageously, CropLife also called for the removal of any scientist from the panel who has “publicly expressed an opinion regarding the carcinogenicity of glyphosate.” The trade group kindly offered the names of scientists who should be removed from the reviewing panel to restore “impartiality.”

Think about that demand for a moment. CropLife wants to exclude any scientist or researcher who has ever published anything on the topic. Any scientific expert would almost certainly have published something on glyphosate—or s/he really couldn’t be considered much of an expert on the subject. It appears that CropLife is attempting to pack the panel with woefully unqualified puppets who will toe the industry’s line.

And these are only the “official” comments by industry. We can imagine what kind of jockeying is going on behind the scenes. So far, they’ve been able to get the whole thing postponed.

It appears that some in Congress also don’t want the government looking at the cancer-causing potential of glyphosate. Rep. Lamar Smith (R-TX), chair of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, sent a letter to the head of the EPA, Gina McCarthy. He expressed his concern that certain EPA scientists who had been involved in the International Agency for Research on Cancer’s (IARC) report—the one that found glyphosate was probably carcinogenic—might compromise the agency’s ability to “fairly assess glyphosate based on sound science.”

Let’s put Rep. Smith’s “concern” in clearer language. EPA scientists conclude that glyphosate may cause cancer, but a congressman says this makes the scientists unable to assess the science fairly. What sense does that make? That’s like saying if you have scientific evidence that smoking causes cancer, you’re no longer able to evaluate the scientific evidence on smoking.

We saw the same crony capitalist tactics with the creation of the FDA’s Pharmacy Compounding Advisory Committee (PCAC). The PCAC will have a heavy hand in determining the fate of the compounding industry, yet the committee is a stacked deck—it has only one member who is an actual compounding pharmacist, and that member cannot vote.

This review must happen, and real experts must be allowed to submit unbiased data and conclusions about the carcinogenicity of glyphosate. As we reported recently, this poison’s potential to cause cancer is only one of many health dangers that scientists have linked to it—and that isn’t even counting the toxicity of the so-called “inert” ingredients that, combined with glyphosate, make up Roundup and other weed killers.

We are all being exposed to glyphosate at much higher levels than predicted by the government. Since Roundup was introduced in 1996, global use of the herbicide has increased fifteen-fold. In addition to farmers having to use increasingly larger amounts of the poison because of weed resistance, they’re drenching crops in Roundup at harvest to make crops dry faster! On top of this, farmers are using an estimated 383 million more pounds of pesticides and herbicides overall because of GM Roundup-ready crops (crops genetically manipulated to withstand Roundup).

In 2013, the EPA actually raised the permitted toxicity levels, declaring that even higher amounts of Roundup were “safe.” We can all guess why and how this happened.

The bottom line: We must not let crony influences undermine the EPA’s review of this dangerous chemical!

Action Alert! Write to the EPA and to Congress, and tell them to reject CropLife’s influence and keep scientists who are experts on glyphosate on the panel. Please send your message immediately.

Read the full article at ANH-USA.org",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32671,"The story of Nashville, Tennessee, mother Tamika Seagraves and her children is one of tragedy upon tragedy. Tamika has been pregnant 3 times, and in each case, she gave birth to premature twins, a boy and a girl every time. The first set of twins, Zayden and his sister Ziria were micro-preemies, born at just 24 weeks. Though Ziria grew stronger and eventually went home, Zayden never went home. He only survived 13 days. Two years later, Jordan and Jaliyah were born at 35 weeks. When Jordan passed away at just under two months of age, his mother began questioning, looking at vaccines and the vitamin K shot. At the same time, Child Protective Services began questioning and looking at HER. Jordan's autopsy stated that the cause of his death could not be determined, but DCS (Department of Children's Services) has blamed Tamika. Instead of closing out the case when the autopsy report came back, DCS stepped in and seized custody of Jordan's twin sister Jaliyah. According to court documents, DCS has accused Tamika of demonstrating ""erratic behaviors"" because she refuses vaccinations, stopped a medication for her child out of concerns for its side effects, ""tried to have Jaliyah seen by a holistic chiropractor as opposed to a pediatrician."" On December 5, 2016, Tamika gave birth again to another set of twins. When they were 4 weeks old, DCS seized both of them as well. All Tamika wants is to have her children back home and to be able to grieve the loss of her two sons. She wonders if her children are being used for medical research because of the unusual circumstances of their births - against incredible odds - 3 sets of twins, all premature, all boy/girl sets, the only children born to an African American mother, with 2 of the boys dying as infants?",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32954,"Del Bigtree, producer of the controversial film ""VAXXED,"" recently appeared on the National Safe Child Show with Tammi Stefano in Los Angeles. Before taking on this film project together with Dr. Andrew Wakefield on the MMR vaccine fraud, Mr. Bigtree was the producer of the popular daytime medical show ""The Doctors."" Mr. Bigtree states that when he learned about the top scientist whistle blower at the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), that he knew this was the biggest story of his life, and that this was ""bigger than Watergate."" Since the 2004 study that supposedly proved there was no link between the MMR vaccine and autism was published by the CDC, more than one million children have been diagnosed with autism, and now one of the study's authors at the CDC has revealed that data was concealed that actually showed there was indeed a link between the vaccine and autism in some children. In the second half of the National Safe Child Show, Tammi Stefano interviewed Jennifer Margulis, Ph.D., and investigative journalist and the author of several books, including ""Your Baby Your Way"" and ""The Vaccine-Friendly Plan"" that she co-authored with Dr. Paul Thomas, M.D. Dr. Paul Thomas is a board-certified fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics, and he agrees with actor Robert De Niro that we need to learn the truth about vaccines, and that the science is anything but ""settled."" Dr. Thomas is not anti-vaccine, but delays or forgoes certain vaccines depending on the needs of the children in his practice. Margulis reveals in her interview that in her experience as a professional award-winning journalist, she has seen censorship in journalism on the vaccine topics. She attributes this phenomenon partly on the ignorance of journalists and their unwillingness to explore both sides of the debate. She believes many journalists erroneously believe that if the government states vaccines are safe, then it must be true. She reminds her colleagues in the media that traditionally the media's job has always been to question the government, and act as a ""watch dog"" over what the government was claiming.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32574,"Can We Succeed in Pushing Back Against Dangerous Genetically Engineered Foods?

by Alliance for Natural Health

Yes! There are more and more anti-GMO campaigns across the country—with your help this effort can succeed!

Genetically engineered food is the biggest uncontrolled experiment ever conducted on humans. Nearly all of our processed food contains genetically engineered ingredients. A handful of biotechnology companies dominate the US market and claim there is no safety risk to consumers, animals, or the environment. The evidence suggests quite the opposite. Remember the animal studies that showed sterility by the third generation?

We’ve partnered with numerous campaigns and combined efforts to stop the GE food take over of our food supply. All of us need to keep taking action to support these campaigns. The federal government, no matter which party is in power, is unwilling or unable to stand up to the GE industry, so citizens must do it instead. The only reason major food manufacturers stopped contaminating the European food supply with GE food sources was because European citizens voiced their objection to GMO in massive numbers.

Here are some of the major campaigns for which we need your support:

Petition the FDA to Label GMOs, with Congressional Support

The Center for Food Safety, on behalf of over 400 organizations and businesses, has filed a Citizen Petition with the FDA which states that GE foods are being mislabeled because consumers are mislead as to their origin and cannot differentiate GE foods that have known health problems from non-GE foods.

This petition challenges FDA’s claim that GE foods are “substantially equivalent” to non-GE foods and that they therefore do not need to be labeled. According to the petition, non-GE foods that are not labeled as such are in fact misbranded—which FDA must, by law, take seriously.

When FDA first stated this “substantial equivalence” policy in 1992, 98% of the public comment opposed it. Despite the fact the FDA has received strong pushback against their stance, FDA has never bothered to address any concerns, nor has the agency ever completed or released any information assessing the human health or environmental effects of genetically modified organisms.

On February 6, a Dear Colleague Letter supporting the Citizen Petition was sent by Sen. Barbara Boxer (D-CA) and Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-OR). Please contact your senators and representative today and ask them to sign the Dear Colleague letter!

Please note that because members of US Congress only accepts messages from residents of the districts they represent, this alert is restricted to US residents.

California GMO Ballot Initiative

In October we reported on a California ballot initiative to require labeling of genetically engineered foods. Labeling is a big deal. You may remember the devastating quote from a Monsanto employee: “If you put a label on genetically engineered food you might as well put a skull and crossbones on it.” Of course, we would say that’s a good thing!

ANH-USA has partnered with the campaign, and we’re doing our all we can to support the efforts. The campaign needs 500,000 valid signatures. Signature collection officially starts on Feb 18, but the campaign is signing up volunteers for signature collection trainings right now. Please go to the LabelGMOs.org events page, sign up, and make a change.

You can also visit the Organic Consumers Fund to learn more.

State Bills on GMOs

In addition to California’s ballot initiative, there have been bills in a number of states requiring the labeling of GE foods.

Hawaii:

HB2746, Relating to the Labeling of Genetically Engineered.

HB216, Relating to Food Labeling.

HB2034, Relating to Food Labeling

SB2443, Relating to Food Labeling; Genetically Engineered

SB2891, Relating to Food Labeling

Hawaii Residents Action Alert

New York:

Four bills introduced in 2011 still need your help.

Vermont:

HB722, An Act Relating to the Labeling of Food Produced with Genetic Engineering

Vermont Residents Action Alert

Washington:

HB2637 and SB6298 would require labeling of GE foods. Both bills have broad grassroots and bipartisan support.

Washington Residents Action Alert

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.anh-usa.org/pushing-back-against-ge/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32357,"“The big news here is that Hawaii is about to become the first state to have a de facto vaccine mandate by the federal government for all citizens, whether children or adults.” Barbara Loe Fisher, Co-Founder and President, National Vaccine Information Center.

by NVIC.org [1]

We are requesting your immediate communication with your state legislators to OPPOSE an unprecedented attack on religious rights, parental rights and health freedom in Hawaii.

Seven bills have been introduced in Hawaii that combined could turn Hawaii into America’s only FORCED vaccination state.

The following bills need to be vigorously opposed:

HB 1946 [2] and SB 2393 [3] would require that the state director of health implement rules for vaccine requirements for the state of Hawaii that codify federal recommendations by the ACIP (Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices) within 90 days of the recommendation. SB 2393 is scheduled for a hearing Feb. 4, 2016 at 9:00 AM in the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Health in conference room 229.

HB 1910 [4] and SB 2316 [5] would mandate that all students entering 7th grade in Hawaii receive at least one dose of HPV (human papillomavirus/Gardasil vaccine). These bills would also allow pharmacists to administer HPV Vaccines to children between the ages of 11 and 17 and require all insurance policies to cover 3 visits for HPV Vaccine. SB 2316 is scheduled for a hearing on Feb. 2, 2016 at 9:45 AM in conference room 229. This is a joint committee hearing with the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection and Health and the Senate Committee on Education.

HB 1945 [6] and SB 2394 [7] would mandate health care workers receive a yearly flu vaccine. “Health care worker” means all persons, whether paid or unpaid, working or delivering services in a health care facility, including contractors and their employees whose occupational activities involve direct or indirect contact with patients or contaminated material in a health care, hospital, or clinical laboratory setting. SB 2394 is scheduled for a hearing Feb. 4, 2016 at 9:00 AM in the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Health in conference room 229.

HB 1722 [8] would eliminate the religious belief exemption to vaccination for public school students. This bill prohibits a parent from exercising their freedom of conscience that applies to their religious beliefs and obtaining a religious exemption for their child for one or more state required vaccinations. The bill is sponsored by Rep. John Mizuno [9] and has been referred to the House Health [10], Education [11]and Finance [12] Committees. Even though this bill has been referred to three committees, it is not yet scheduled for a public hearing.

LEGISLATIVE EDUCATION ACTION NEEDED NOW:

VISIT, CALL, AND EMAIL, your Hawaii Representative and Senator and ask them to oppose the 7 bills that could turn Hawaii into America’s only FORCED vaccination state: HB 1946, SB 2393, HB 1910, SB 2316, HB 1945, SB 2394, and HB 1722. (You can customize our sample letter suggestions below for your email).Find your legislators: Click here and enter your street name: http://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/members/legislators.aspx?chamber=all [13] or register/login to the NVIC Advocacy Portal at http://NVICAdvocacy.org [14]. Click on “Check What is Happening in Your State” on the home page or “My State” on the STATE TEAMS Tab. Your personal state legislators are listed on the right side of the page. Click on the names of your Delegate and Senator to display his/her contact information.Prioritize your communication method: In-Person communications are the most effective. Make an appointment to meet with your legislators or their staff in person ASAP. If you can’t meet in person, make a phone appointment right away to discuss with your legislator or their staff assigned to these bills why your family is opposed to them. EVERYONE should be directly visiting or talking to their legislators or staff on the phone. Additionally, everyone needs to send an email voicing their opposition. If this issue is important to your family, please make the time for personal direct communication in addition to emailing. It is far more effective and we will need those personal connections and personal stories to stop a bill like this. Contact Hawaii Governor David Y. Ige [15]and ask him to OPPOSE the 7 bad bills that could turn Hawaii into America’s only FORCED vaccination state: HB 1946, SB 2393, HB 1910, SB 2316, HB 1945, SB 2394, and HB 1722.

Phone: (808) 586-0034 [16]

Fax: (808) 586-0006 [17]

Email/Communicating with the Governor’s Office:

http://governor.hawaii.gov/contact-us/comments-on-legislation/ [15]

Contact Members of the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Health [18]and ask them to OPPOSE SB 2316 in the hearing on 2/2/2016 and OPPOSE SB 2393 and SB 2394 in the hearing on 2/4/2016.

Hawaii: Senate Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Health

Senator – Position – Email – Work Phone

Rosalyn H. Baker – Chair – senbaker@Capitol.hawaii.gov [19] – 808-586-6070 [20]

Michelle N. Kidani – Vice Chair – senkidani@capitol.hawaii.gov [21] – 808-586-7100 [22]

Will Espero – Member – senespero@capitol.hawaii.gov [23] – 808-586-6360 [24]

Les Ihara, Jr. – Member – senihara@capitol.hawaii.gov [25] – 808-586-6250 [26]

Clarence K. Nishihara – Member – sennishihara@capitol.hawaii.gov [27] – 808-586-6970 [28]

Russell E. Ruderman – Member – senruderman@capitol.hawaii.gov [29] – 808-586-6890 [30]

Sam Slom – Member – senslom@capitol.hawaii.gov [31] – 808-586-8420 [32]

Contact Members of the Senate Committee on Education [33]and ask them to OPPOSE SB 2316 in the hearing on 2/2/2016.

Hawaii: Senate Education

Senator – Position – Email – Work Phone

Michelle N. Kidani – Chair – senkidani@capitol.hawaii.gov [21] – 808-586-7100 [22]

Breene Harimoto – Vice Chair – senharimoto@capitol.hawaii.gov [34] – 808-586-6231 [35]

Suzanne Chun Oakland – Member – senchunoakland@capitol.hawaii.gov [36] – 808-586-6130 [37]

Donovan M. Dela Cruz – Member – sendelacruz@capitol.hawaii.gov [38] – 808-586-6090 [39]

Gil Riviere – Member – senriviere@capitol.hawaii.gov [40] – 808-586-7330 [41]

Sam Slom – Member – senslom@capitol.hawaii.gov [31] – 808-586-8420 [32]

Plan on attending the hearing for SB 2316 on Feb. 2, 2016 and offering testimony and offering testimony against the bill. http://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/session2016/hearingnotices/HEARING_CPH-EDU_02-02-16_.HTM [42]– hearing notice Plan on attending the hearing for SB 2393 and SB 2394 on Feb. 4, 2016 and offering testimony against the bills. http://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/session2016/hearingnotices/HEARING_CPH_02-04-16_.htm [43]– hearing notice If you are unable to attend the hearings for SB 2316 [5], SB 2393 [3] and SB 2394, [7] you can submit written testimony at least 24 hours ahead of the time of the hearing through the legislative web site for each bill. Click on the bill numbers linked above and select the blue “Submit Testimony” button. For more information, see http://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/senate.aspx?testimonypanel=on#panel [44] Login to the NVIC Advocacy Portal often to check for updates. http://NVICAdvocacy.org [45]. Bills can change many times over the legislative process. SHARE! Please forward this email to family and friends and ask them to register for the NVIC Advocacy Portal and share their concerns with their legislators as well. If you are on Facebook, like “National Vaccine Information Center [46]” and find this alert posted there to share with your social network. Please forward any legislative responses you receive or outcomes of meetings on your legislator’s position on the bills to HIDirector@NVICAdvocacy.org [47].

SAMPLE BODY OF LETTER TO YOUR REPRESENTATIVE, SENATOR, COMMITTEE MEMBERS, and Governor

Pick and choose points to use and what bills you are highlighting for the hearings or letters to committee members, and make sure to add to the first paragraph a personalized reason why this is important to you and your family.

[YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS]

[DATE]

Dear [NAME OF YOUR REPRESENTATIVE or SENATOR],

I am writing to you to ask you to oppose 7 bills that combined could turn Hawaii into America’s only FORCED vaccination state: HB 1946, SB 2393, HB 1910, SB 2316, HB 1945, SB 2394, and HB 1722.

HPV VACCINE MANDATES FOR KIDS

I urge you to OPPOSE HB 1910 [4] and SB 2316 [5] which would mandate that all students entering 7th grade in Hawaii receive at least one dose of HPV (human papillomavirus vaccine). These bills would also allow pharmacists to administer HPV Vaccines to children between the ages of 11 and 17 and require all insurance policies to cover 3 visits for HPV Vaccine. SB 2316 is scheduled for a hearing on Feb. 2, 2016 at 9:45 AM in conference room 229. This is a joint committee hearing with the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection and Health and the Senate Committee on Education.

HPV is a sexually transmitted virus and not contagious in a school setting so a school vaccine mandate is unnecessary. The vaccine is already available to anyone who wants it so legislative requirements are not necessary;

HPV infection is experienced by the majority of sexually active women and men and is naturally cleared from the body within two years by more than 90 percent of those who become infected;

Merck studied GARDASIL for less than 3 years in about 1200 healthy girls and 1400 healthy boys under age 16; it was not tested in children with health problems or in combination with all the other vaccines routinely given to American adolescents;

Thousands of reports of unexplained collapse, seizures, muscle pain and weakness; disabling fatigue, paralysis, brain inflammation, rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, blood clots, multiple sclerosis, strokes, heart and other serious health problems, including death, have been reported [48] after GARDASIL shots;

after GARDASIL shots; CERVARIX was studied for less than 6 years in fewer than 1200 healthy girls under age 15; it was not tested in children with health problems or when given simultaneously with other childhood vaccines;

Unexplained collapse, muscle and joint pain and weakness; fatigue; brain inflammation, reactive and rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, scleroderma, hypothyroidism; multiple sclerosis, optic neuritis, spontaneous abortions, heart and other serious health problems, including death, have been reported [48] after CERVARIX shots;

after CERVARIX shots; It is not known whether GARDASIL [49] or CERVARIX [50] can cause infertility, cancer or damage genes.

REQUIRED VACCINATION FOR ALL

I urge you to OPPOSE HB 1946 [2] and SB 2393 [3] which, by replacing the word “may” with “shall,” would require that the state director of health implement rules for vaccine requirements for the state of Hawaii that codify federal recommendations by the ACIP (Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices) within 90 days of the recommendation. These apply to everyone, not just school children. SB 2393 is scheduled for a hearing Feb. 4, 2016 at 9:00 AM in the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Health in conference room 229.

I urge you to also OPPOSE HB 1722 [8], which would eliminate the religious belief exemption to vaccination for public school students. This bill prohibits a parent fromexercising their freedom of conscience that applies to their religious beliefs and obtaining a religious exemption for their child for one or more state required vaccinations.

There is No Compelling State Interest. There is no public health emergency or compelling state interest that justifies forcing vaccination by violating the right to freedom of conscience and personally held sincere religious beliefs.

When there is risk of harm from a pharmaceutical product, especially a product that is marketed by companies completely shielded from civil liability, the parent’s or individual’s right to exercise conscience, religious belief and informed consent on behalf of a minor child or themselves must be legally protected. In light of the fact that vaccine risks are not borne equally by all due to known and unknown individual genetic and other biological or environmental susceptibilities, parental rights, individual informed consent rights, as well as those of a state licensed physician or designated vaccine provider to exercise professional judgment in protecting a child from vaccine injury and death, must be preserved in health policies and laws. The least restrictive means for ensuring the public health and safety should be employed by the legislature to protect public trust in the wisdom and fairness of government policy and law. There is no public health emergency in Hawaii or compelling state interest that justifies the passage of these bills which would violate human, civil and parental rights.

FLU SHOT MANDATES FOR HEALTH CARE WORKERS

I urge you to also OPPOSE HB 1945 [6] and SB 2394 [7] which would mandate health care workers receive a yearly flu vaccine. “Health care worker” means all persons, whether paid or unpaid, working or delivering services in a health care facility, including contractors and their employees whose occupational activities involve direct or indirect contact with patients or contaminated material in a health care, hospital, or clinical laboratory setting. SB 2394 is scheduled for a hearing Feb. 4, 2016 at 9:00 AM in the Senate Committee on Commerce, Consumer Protection, and Health in conference room 229.

Sincerely,

[YOUR NAME]

Sincerely,

NVIC Advocacy Team

National Vaccine Information Center

http://NVIC.org [1] and http://NVICAdvocacy.org [14]

https://nvicadvocacy.org/members/Members/ContactUs.aspx [76]

The National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) works diligently to prepare and disseminate our legislative advocacy action alerts and supporting materials. We request that organizations and members of the public forward our alerts in their original form to assure consistent and accurate messaging and effective action. Please acknowledge NVIC as originators of this work when forwarding to members of the public and like-minded organizations. To receive alerts immediately, register at http://NVICAdvocacy.org [14], a website dedicated to this sole purpose and provided as a free public service by NVIC.

Read the full article on NVIC.org [1]

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com [77]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43896,"by Brian Shilhavy

But our citizenship is in heaven, and from it we await a Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, who will transform our lowly body to be like his glorious body, by the power that enables him even to subject all things to himself. (Philippians 3:20-21)

When we are born again into God’s family and enter the Kingdom of Light, we obtain a new citizenship and a new future. We become citizens of heaven, and aliens (or foreigners) here on earth. We remain here on earth in the natural realm to accomplish God’s purposes in our life. Our pilgrimage here on earth ends either when Jesus returns physically to earth to set up a new physical kingdom, or when we go through physical death and go to heaven to be with Jesus. At that time our “lowly bodies” will be transformed into “glorious bodies.”

Therefore, we no longer belong here on earth. It is not our permanent home. We should never allow our hearts to become too attached to earthly things, since they will all be destroyed in the future anyway. That includes our physical bodies. They are a part of the natural realm, and we will have new spiritual bodies in heaven. So any sickness or disease that we have to endure now is only temporary.

The first Adam, made of earth, came from the earth; the second Adam came from heaven. Those who belong to the earth are like the one who was made of earth; those who are of heaven are like the one who came from heaven. Just as we wear the likeness of the man made of earth, so we will wear the likeness of the Man from heaven. What I mean, friends, is that what is made of flesh and blood cannot share in God’s Kingdom, and what is mortal cannot possess immortality. Listen to this secret truth: we shall not all die, but when the last trumpet sounds, we shall all be changed in an instant, as quickly as the blinking of an eye. For when the trumpet sounds, the dead will be raised, never to die again, and we shall all be changed. For what is mortal must be changed into what is immortal; what will die must be changed into what cannot die. So when this takes place, and the mortal has been changed into the immortal, then the scripture will come true: “Death is destroyed; victory is complete!” “Where, Death, is your victory? Where, Death, is your power to hurt?” Death gets its power to hurt from sin, and sin gets its power from the Law. But thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ! So then, my dear friends, stand firm and steady. Keep busy always in your work for the Lord, since you know that nothing you do in the Lord’s service is ever useless. (1 Corinthians 15:47-58)

So our current body of “flesh and blood” is a body weakened by sin, and as such we groan and eagerly wait for the day when we will come to receive our inheritance and receive a new body:

For we know that the whole creation has been groaning together in the pains of childbirth until now. And not only the creation, but we ourselves, who have the firstfruits of the Spirit, groan inwardly as we wait eagerly for adoption as sons, the redemption of our bodies. (Romans 8:22-23)

But knowing what is heading our way in the future gives us a whole new perspective on our current life of pain and suffering! Based on the incredible promises of God, we know that we are co-heirs with Christ in inheriting the Kingdom. Therefore, we can patiently endure the pain and struggles of this life knowing they are temporary in nature! In the meantime, we have God’s Spirit living inside these sickly bodies renewing our spirits as we wait for our glorious future!

For in this hope we were saved. Now hope that is seen is not hope. For who hopes for what he sees? But if we hope for what we do not see, we wait for it with patience. Likewise the Spirit helps us in our weakness. For we do not know what to pray for as we ought, but the Spirit himself intercedes for us with groanings too deep for words. And he who searches hearts knows what is the mind of the Spirit, because the Spirit intercedes for the saints according to the will of God. And we know that for those who love God all things work together for good, for those who are called according to his purpose. (Romans 8:24-28)

The Holy Spirit gives us power to endure anything this life throws our way, as we wait patiently for our time to come. We now take on a new perspective to all the lousy events and happenings in this life, knowing that it is all part of a grand scheme that God has put into place, and that the end results are going to be wonderful for those of us trusting in him. That new perspective is called “faith”: “Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen.” (Hebrews 11:1) Those without faith see the events of life as a result of impersonal random “luck” or “bad luck” produced by evolutionary processes, where life is seldom “fair.” Only the strong and powerful survive. The future offers no hope, but only despair, fear, and doubt. This view of the future usually has negative physical consequences in our body. “A joyful heart is good medicine, but a broken spirit dries up the bones.” (Proverbs 17:22)

But for those of us walking by faith, we see everything as happening according to a master plan where justice is ultimately served at a future time, and where the weak and helpless can become strong and confident in the present, based on our view of the future and God’s ultimate purposes becoming reality at a future time.

For those of us walking in the Kingdom of Light in faith, and following a path of spiritual renewal, we no longer fear sickness or physical death, because our hope is for the future. As we walk in faith, we also begin to see that this Spiritual power that we now have at our disposal can also have a dramatic effect on our physical health in the present. Things that are “impossible” or cannot be explained in the physical realm can actually become common events in the life of a believer who is being transformed in the Spiritual realm! So we stop running to physical solutions as a first course of action for our problems, and instead look to unleash God’s love and power into our daily problems through faith. We are not limited to the small realm of scientific processes for our knowledge which is based simply on the observations of the physical realm and the faulty premise of evolution. We have the power of knowledge and wisdom that comes through a changed life and a relationship with our Creator. And as we learn to listen to God speak to us and allow him to direct the course and events of our life, we find that nothing is impossible!

For those whom he foreknew he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his Son, in order that he might be the firstborn among many brothers. And those whom he predestined he also called, and those whom he called he also justified, and those whom he justified he also glorified. What then shall we say to these things? If God is for us, who can be against us? He who did not spare his own Son but gave him up for us all, how will he not also with him graciously give us all things? Who shall bring any charge against God’s elect? It is God who justifies. Who is to condemn? Christ Jesus is the one who died–more than that, who was raised–who is at the right hand of God, who indeed is interceding for us. Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or danger, or sword? As it is written, “For your sake we are being killed all the day long; we are regarded as sheep to be slaughtered.” No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him who loved us. For I am sure that neither death nor life, nor angels nor rulers, nor things present nor things to come, nor powers, nor height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, will be able to separate us from the love of God in Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans 8:29-39)

Original Article Source: http://network.sophiamedia.com/created4health/devotionals/What_You_Believe_About_Tomorrow_Affects_Your_Health_Today.htm",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24191,"When I read an article in The Atlantic recently with the title: Living Sick and Dying Young in Rich America - Chronic illness is the new first-world problem - it caught my attention. This is the kind of topic we cover on a regular basis here at Health Impact News, but seldom do you read about it in the mainstream media. There are 3 things that are rather astonishing about the sad state of health in America today: 1. We're sicker than previous generations, and most of us know it. 2. We don't seem to care about it too much. It is not headline news. 3. There doesn't seem to be much motivation to change this fact: it seems to have been accepted as the new ""norm."" Last year, we reported about a study funded by the government and your tax dollars which clearly showed that the United States ranks #1 on healthcare spending, but last in life expectancy among wealthy nations (See:U.S. Ranks First in Healthcare Spending – Last in Life Expectancy). The mainstream media barely even covered this story, and even here at Health Impact News it was probably not even in the top 100 stories read from everything we published last year. The sad fact seems to be that most Americans have adopted an attitude that the current health situation in the U.S. cannot be changed. For those few of you who have not drunk the Kool Aid, and still believe you do have control over your health and have choices you can make to live a healthier life, then this article by John Thomas identifying the problems and solutions is for you. Please understand that if enough Americans understand that the healthcare system (which is not really a ""healthcare"" system at all but a MEDICAL system) is the primary problem and take measures to avoid it, that it would absolutely destroy our economy, since so much of it is dependent on sick people. But maybe our economy is heading for destruction anyway, so don't let that threat stop you from making healthy choices today.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43807,"Image: YLE

by YLE

The Chief Medical Officer of Finland’s National Public Health Institute has conceded that it may have been unnecessary to vaccinate children and young people against swine flu. Dr Terhi Kilpi told the Väli-Suomi newspaper group’s Sunday newspaper supplement that perhaps the vaccine should not have been given to 5-20 year-olds.

Kilpi said that she would no longer recommends the vaccination for this age group. She added that if she had known of the potential consequences, she would have not inoculated 5-20 year-olds.

“A year ago, the current understanding was that the swine flu was a danger specifically for the young. At that time there was not yet any reason to suspect serious side effects to the vaccine,” said Kilpi.

The vaccine is now suspected to be linked to an increase in the number of cases of narcolepsy affecting children and young people in Finland, Sweden and Iceland. In Finland, 54 children have been diagnosed with narcolepsy…

Read the Full Article Here: http://yle.fi/uutiset/news/2011/01/health_official_swine_flu_vaccinations_for_children_possibly_a_mistake_2326931.html?origin=rss",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24876,"Artwork Credit: Morton Satin

Government Policy is Uncontrolled Trial on More than 300 Million Americans

By Morton Satin, Vice President, Science and Research, Salt Institute

posted on Hartke Is Online

The public record demonstrates that the previous Dietary Guidelines have not improved the health of consumers, but have instead resulted in confusion and fueled our national […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33037,"by Sarah Shilhavy [1]

We are often asked why we do not sell any packaged coconut milks. The answer is that we have never found a packaged coconut milk that meets our high standards. It is a processed product, and freshly made coconut milk will separate and spoil quite easily. The water is heavier than the natural coconut oil, so the water sinks to the bottom and the oil tends to float on top after leaving it sit for a while. Commercially packaged coconut milks must add stabilizers to keep the product from separating, and often these stabilizers are in such a small quantities that they are not listed as ingredients on the labels. It could be soy lecithin, or something like guar gum which can cause problems for people who are gluten intolerant. The product then needs to be packaged in air-tight containers to preserve it, and this is often done in metal cans that have aluminum inside, and potentially Bisphenol A (BPA). Since canned coconut milks are over 90% water, you have to be concerned about the source of water that was used in packaging as well. The best coconut milk is one you make fresh yourself!

Since most people reading this probably do not live in tropical places where you have access to fresh coconuts, the best way to make fresh coconut milk is from a high quality organic dried coconut that is not treated with sulfites and is not sweetened. If you live in a non-tropical climate and see fresh coconuts in your local grocery store, its a good bet that they have already started to mold as fresh coconuts have a very short shelf life. They start molding within a couple of days. Some coconuts that are imported to the U.S. are apparently irradiated to prevent them from spoiling.

The recipe in this video is a simple recipe anyone living in a non-tropical climate can make with a high speed blender and a top quality organic dried coconut. It takes about 10 minutes (or less) and we demonstrate just how easy it is to make your own fresh coconut milk in the video. If you do not use the coconut milk right after you make it, keep it in the refrigerator for up to 24 hours.

Servings: 1

Preparation time: 10 minutes

Ingredients:

1 1/2 cups water

7/8 cup dry unsweetened shredded coconut

In a medium-size kettle, heat the water, but do not bring it to a boil. Place the coconut in a blender and add 1 cup of the hot water. Blend for 2-3 minutes. Place a colander in a bowl and line the colander with 4 thicknesses of cheesecloth. Pour the blended coconut mixture into the cheesecloth and twist to extract the milk, letting the milk go into the bowl. Return the coconut pulp to the blender and add the remaining 1/2 cup of hot water. Blend for 1-2 minutes, strain and press through the cheesecloth into the bowl.

Makes about 1 cup

What to do with the left-over pulp?

There are some rumors going around the internet that the left over pulp from this recipe can be dried out and used the same way as coconut flour. This is NOT true. Coconut flour is the residue left over from making Virgin Coconut Oil, and not coconut milk. A mechanical press is used to almost completely remove all the oil from the coconut pulp – something that cannot be done by hand or a kitchen blender. The result is coconut flour which is very high in protein and fiber, with almost no oil left. The pulp left over from making homemade coconut milk will have much more oil left in it than coconut flour does. It will be more similar to our shredded coconut than it will be to our coconut flour. If you try to substitute the pulp left over from this homemade coconut milk for coconut flour, especially in recipes that are 100% gluten free coconut flour like quick breads or cakes, the result could be disastrous, as it will have more oil and less fiber and less protein. Some people have successfully used the pulp to make coconut macaroons [2]. Adding to a granola recipe [3] is another favorite use! So don’t throw it away!! Here is a video demo showing how to make macaroons from coconut pulp.

Full recipe link: http://www.freecoconutrecipes.com/recipe_HomemadeCoconutMilk.htm [1]

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[4]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [4]

[6]

[7]



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33136,"Exposure to hormone-disrupting chemicals is likely leading to an increased risk of serious health problems costing at least $$175 billion (U.S.) per year in Europe alone, according to a study published recently. Chemicals that can mimic or block estrogen or other hormones are commonly found in thousands of products around the world, including plastics, pesticides, furniture, and cosmetics. The biggest estimated costs, by far, were associated with chemicals' reported effects on children's developing brains.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
42924,"[1]

by Rishma Parpia [2]

The Vaccine Reaction [2]

On the issue of vaccines, there is an abundance of dialogue on ingredients and herd immunity, etc., but what really is the fundamental problem at the heart of this debate? It is because state legislatures mandate vaccines, consequently denying individuals the right to informed consent—the right to make personal choices about vaccination for themselves and their children.

While some parents choose to comply with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) recommended childhood immunization schedule,1there are many parents who prefer not to go down this road with their children for various reasons. As a result of state mandates compelling use of federally recommended childhood vaccines, the question of vaccine safety has understandably become a central issue in the debate.

The Childhood Vaccine Schedule: Past and Present

A vaccination schedule recommended by public health officials or physician trade associations, such as the American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP), is basically a series of vaccinations that includes the timing/age at which the doses are to be be given. Depending on state laws, the federal vaccine schedule is either recommended or compulsory for school and daycare attendance.

With respect to the U.S. childhood vaccination schedule, the number of vaccines government health officials direct pediatricians to give children has almost quadrupled in the last 60 or so years.2 In 1953, the CDC directed physicians to give a child no more than 16 doses of four vaccines (one dose of smallpox and five doses of DPT) between the ages of two months and six years.2 Thirty years later, in 1983, the CDC recommended schedule included 23 doses of seven vaccines (DPT, MMR and polio) between the ages of two months and six years.2

Fast-forward to from 1983 to 2016, the CDC now recommends double the number of vaccinations by age six—49 doses of 14 vaccines starting on the day of birth—and a total of 69 doses of 16 vaccines by age 18.2 In 1983, the CDC directed physicians to give a child no more than four vaccines simultaneously. However, by 2013, a could receive eight or more vaccines during one visit.2

The Problem with The Vaccine Schedule’s “One-Size Fits All” Assumption

Mass vaccination such as that recommended by the CDC’s current vaccine schedule uses a “one size fits all” approach, which holds very little regard for a child’s state of health, medical history, nutritional status and genetic background prior to receiving vaccines. Lucija Tomljenovic, PhD, a biochemist with the Neural Dynamics Research Group at the University of British Columbia, Canada, put it this way:

Imagine the next time you went to Walmart, Target or Sears that due to scientific research and government regulation your retailer only stocked one size of clothing – regardless of whether you are male or female, child or adult, and with no sensitivity to your cultural or ethnic background. Would you be happy? Would you accept it? Would you wear the clothes? The answer is clearly NO! What if the clothing manufacturer used a highly toxic dye in the clothing fabric and knew this dye could cause serious skin reactions in some people but they failed to declare this? Would that be acceptable to you? Yet that is exactly what the current approach to vaccines worldwide is – one size fits all and some “collateral damage” is acceptable for the sake of the alleged “greater good”.3

Arguments have been made that decisions regarding an individual child’s immunizations are not one-size fits all since exceptions to the schedule are sometimes made by pediatricians who believe there is a reason to delay or omit a vaccine. However, the truth s that the CDC and AAP consider very few medical conditions as a reason to delay or omit a vaccination and 99.99% of children do not qualify for a medical vaccine exemption under narrow federal vaccine contraindication guidelines.4

The government recommended vaccine schedule does not factor in an individual’s genetic susceptibility to vaccine adverse reactions, which the Institute of Medicine has pointed out doctors cannot predict ahead of time in part due to gaps in vaccine safety science.5 This is one of the reasons why relatively healthy children have succumbed to adverse vaccine reactions.

Some vaccine developers and proponents of mandatory vaccination are also questioning the legitimacy of the one-size fits all approach. Dr. Gregory Poland, Editor in Chief of the journal Vaccine and other scientists state in a paper [3] published in the Pediatric Infectious Disease Journal that,

We believe that adversomics (the immunogenetics and immunogenomics of vaccine adverse events at the individual and population level, respectively) is critical to understanding and preventing serious adverse vaccine-related events, developing the next generation of vaccines, and to improving public confidence in vaccine safety.” He reiterates that “… the field of adversomics is growing due to scientific interest in understanding the basis for vaccine reactions, “push” from the growing field of individualized medicine, and consumer demand for safer vaccines.6

2013 Institute of Medicine Report: CDC’s Vaccine Schedule Untested

Given that the CDC’s recommended childhood vaccine schedule is mandated in many states, it would be fair to assume that the schedule has been thoroughly studied and tested for safety, right? Well, a 2013 report released by the Institute of Medicine reveals otherwise. The report clearly states that,

First, the concept of the immunization “schedule” is not well developed in the scientific literature. Most vaccine research focuses on the health outcomes associated with single immunizations or combinations of vaccines administered at a single visit. Even though each new vaccine is evaluated in the context of the overall immunization schedule that existed at the time of review, individual elements of the schedule are not evaluated once it is adjusted to accommodate a new vaccine. Key elements of the immunization schedule—for example, the number, frequency, timing, order, and age at the time of administration of vaccines—have not been systematically examined in research studies.7

Burden of Proof for the Safety of Vaccines

In our medical and legal system, the burden of proof that a vaccine caused the injury or death of a child currently lies with parents. This is unacceptable when there are so many gaps in knowledge about vaccine risks and there is no liability in the civil court system for companies that market vaccines and those who administer vaccines to children.8

The burden of proof for the safety of vaccines should rest with the pharmaceutical corporations marketing and profiting from vaccines, the federal health agencies regulating and recommending vaccines, and the state health departments and legislatures mandating vaccines. So far, there has been little solid evidence provided to the public that these liability-free pharmaceutical products are safe to give to every child.

References:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23914,"Vaccine Injury Claims Expected to Increase in 2016: Federal Advisory Committee Update

by Theresa Wrangham, NVIC Executive Director

It came as no surprise to me that during the meeting of the Advisory Commission on Childhood Vaccines (ACCV) on December 4, 2015 that the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and Division of Injury Compensation Programs (DICP) reported that the number of vaccine injury claims for this fiscal year will exceed previous years. I have monitored this committee for the past six years and have seen the number of claims rise every year. Sadly they are likely to represent only a fraction of the vaccine injured, due to the lack of public awareness1 of the existence of the federal Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP) created under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, which has a record of dismissing two-thirds of claims received.2

Adults, Not Children, Get Most Vaccine Injury Compensation Awards

The estimated 1,000 claims that the VICP anticipates being filed in 2016 are projected to cost $$224 million. Although the VICP was originally created by Congress to shield drug companies producing government licensed, recommended and mandated vaccines for children, today it is not children but adults injured by influenza vaccine who are receiving most of the compensation.

The majority of compensated flu shot injury claims are for nerve inflammation diagnosed as Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS), an autoimmune disorder that attacks the nervous system and can result in life-long paralysis.3 Also on the rise are government conceded claims for shoulder injuries (SIRVA) caused by vaccine providers failing to properly administer vaccinations. GBS and SIRVA are in the process of being added to the federal Vaccine Injury Table 4 to expedite the administrative vaccine injury claims process for those two injuries.

Injuries from Some Adult Vaccines not Compensated

Under the 1986 law, the only adult vaccine injury claims that can be compensated by the VICP are for injuries caused by vaccines recommended by the CDC for “universal use” by children.5 Most, but not all, of the CDC recommended vaccines for adults are also recommended for children.6 The shingles (herpes zoster) vaccine and 23-valent pneumococcal vaccine (PNEUMOVAX 23) recommended for adults are not eligible for compensation under the VICP7 and federal health officials and the ACCV has wrestled in recent years with how to protect vaccine manufacturers and compensate adult vaccine injuries not covered by the VICP.

Vaccine manufacturers are also expanding their reach and developing vaccines solely for use by pregnant women. Currently, there are two vaccines under development for exclusive use by pregnant women for Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) and group B streptococcal disease.

As a result, the ACCV recommended in 2013 that the U.S. Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS) pursue statutory changes to the 1986 law to extend vaccine injury compensation for injuries caused by vaccines being developed for exclusive use by pregnant women,8 as well as for live born infants injured by a these vaccines in utero (before birth). 9However, during a December 2015 ACCV meeting, the ACCV’s working group recommended not pursuing statutory changes to the 1986 law that would extend coverage to vaccines given to adults but not recommended for children.

Some Vaccine Injured Adults Can Sue Vaccine Manufacturers

In effect, unlike the legal requirement under the 1986 law that shields vaccine manufacturers from civil liability for government recommended vaccines for children that are also used by adults, vaccine injuries sustained by adults from vaccines used exclusively by adults (like shingles and PNEUMOVAX 23 vaccines) can pursue civil lawsuits against vaccine manufacturers and negligent physicians in order to obtain vaccine injury compensation.

While ACCV’s recommendations carry no legal authority, it does not appear likely that the DHHS Secretary will pursue legal changes necessary to cover adults. The vaccine manufacturer representative on the working group stated that vaccine manufactures did not support extending VICP coverage to adult-only vaccines, due to a potential risk of “certain groups” weakening the 1986 law’s liability protections if legal changes to the law were pursued.

Adults Targeted for More Vaccination

The implementation of the federal National Adult Immunization Plan (NAIP), which was authored by the NVAC and contains strategies to increase adult vaccination, was also discussed during the NVAC’s February 2, 2015 meeting.

Since its introduction in 2002,10 the federally recommended adult vaccine schedule has expanded from 53 doses of 9 vaccines to 61 doses of 12 vaccines in 2016,11 a schedule approved by the Advisory Committee on Childhood Immunization Practices (ACIP) at their October 16, 2015 meeting. These numbers assume that by the time you have become an adult at age 19, you have stayed up to date with the CDC’s recommended childhood vaccine schedule and have received 69 doses of 16 vaccines by 18 years of age, and will continue to get all government recommended vaccines at least until 65 years old.

As I reported in March 2015,12 the NAIP cites adults as being delinquent vaccinators and describes detailed strategies for securing increased adult vaccine uptake. These strategies include close monitoring of adult vaccination status in state vaccine registries, incentivizing vaccine providers with rewards and sanctions, and conducting outreach efforts to churches, employers and other community organizations.

Americans can expect to be hearing a lot more about adult vaccines this year, now that the NAIP has officially been launched.

Zika Vaccine Built on Ebola Vaccine Lessons Learned

Recent concerns about the suspected mosquito-borne Zika virus became a focus in a recent NVAC meeting due to a possible link between an increased in cases of congenital microcephaly (small heads) in infants in Brazil, where an outbreak of Zika virus infections was recorded the previous year. The World Health Organization declared a public emergency on February 1st, despite a lack of scientific evidence proving a link between microcephaly and Zika infections during pregnancy.

During this February meeting, the NVAC was updated by the CDC and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) on the Zika virus and Zika vaccines currently being developed for fast tracked licensure. While CDC characterized U.S. risk from Zika as low, the move to develop a vaccine was explained as a better “safe than sorry” move, based in part on criticism of the federal vaccine response during the Ebola outbreak in Africa that dominated headlines during 2014. However, absent from Zika presentations was information on other possible environmental factors, such as pesticides, that may have a role in contributing to the rise in reported cases of microcephaly.13

HPV Vaccine Uptake Remains Low

The NVAC and ACIP have been perseverating over low HPV vaccine uptake in children for several years,14 and the ACIP will be presented with data during their February 24thmeeting on HPV vaccine trials underway to investigate reducing the number of recommended doses of HPV 9 valent vaccine from a three dose series to a two dose series. Federal officials are hoping that a reduction in the number of doses in the HPV series with no difference in efficacy data would result in higher uptake of HPV vaccine among children.

HPV vaccine uptake discussions invariably happen without acknowledgment of the CDC’s 2004 report to Congress, 15 which clearly stated that the majority of HPV infections “cause no clinical problems and go away on their own without treatment”. This report cited pap screening as highly effective in decreasing the incidence and mortality of cervical cancer, while contributing to a 90 percent cervical cancer survival rate. Though this vaccine has been marketed as an anti-cancer vaccine, the CDC’s HPV Fact Sheet 16 states that “there is no way to know which people who have HPV will develop cancer or other health problems.” Given these facts, it is difficult to understand how any reduction in HPV related cancers can be measured and/or attributed to the vaccine, regardless of the number of doses.

NVAC Lays State Mandate Groundwork

Over the past six years of monitoring the NVAC, what I find striking is that for a federal committee with no statutory authority, NVAC recommendations are quickly showing up in strong support of proposed state legislation that will repeal or restrict vaccine exemptions, require parent “re-education,” and institute vaccine tracking registries.

Now, more than ever before, it is critical that you engage with your legislators to prevent the destruction of informed consent protections in vaccine laws. Not only must you engage with your elected officials, you must have the courage to speak to your friends and family, because these attempts to destroy the right to exercise informed consent to medical risk-taking impacts everyone. Register on NVIC’s Advocacy Portal to stay up-to-date on legislation that will take away medical freedom in your state and steps you can take to protect it.

To learn more about federal vaccine advisory committees and to read NVIC’s oral and written public comments to these committees, please visit our Vaccine Advisory Committee webpage. NVIC encourages everyone to listen and considering participating in federal vaccine advisory committee public comment opportunities.

See Also:

References

Read the entire article on the National Vaccine Information Center.org

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47291,"by Alliance for Natural Health – USA

A new ruling is expected to pave the way for genetically modified citrus to enter your local stores—but a loophole allows the food industry to keep you in the dark about the nature of the fruit you’re purchasing.

The Animal Plant Health and Inspection Service (APHIS) is getting ready to do an environmental impact statement on a genetically modified citrus tree. If past experience is any guide, the government will most likely approve this latest GMO experiment.

Here’s the rub: the trees are treated with a genetically modified virus that makes them resistant to citrus greening disease, which has caused major problems for citrus growers in Florida. But according to the government’s definition, neither the trees nor the fruit will be considered genetically modified (an assertion that is patently absurd), so once again consumers will be in the dark about what kind of food they’ll be eating.

This increasingly seems to be the direction food companies will take. As we reported previously, we are in the Wild West of genetic manipulation, hacking, and experimentation. Government funding for projects using CRISPR, a gene-editing tool, has skyrocketed in recent years, and there’s a mad dash for patents that use the technology.

Soon, it seems, most of the products on store shelves will be genetically modified in some way—but consumers will have no way of actually knowing, and not simply because of the sham labeling bill that Congress passed in 2016.

Read the full article at ANH-USA.org.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24839,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

If you have been visiting Health Impact News, you may have noticed the notion that arterial inflammation is what’s behind heart disease, not cholesterol from saturated fats.

A clinical human trial recently published in The New England Journal of Medicine in August of 2017 may tip a few more in the medical field into accepting the current awareness that inflammatory damage is a major cause of heart and cardiovascular disease, and cholesterol is trying to patch up the damage before the vessel begins to leak or rupture.

Cholesterol is actually a vitally useful “waxy” compound for many parts of our bodies, especially the brain. Lowering cholesterol is misguided, and usually causes terrible side effects.

Recent Novartis Pharmaceuticals Funded Study

Novartis Pharmaceuticals funded the original study titled “Anti-inflammatory Therapy with Canakinumab for Atherosclerotic Disease.”

Canakinumab is a drug with the brand name Illaris developed by Novartis to neutralize interleukin-1b. Interleukin-1 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that’s part of our natural immune system. But if it’s overproduced or becomes chronic, it results in increased inflammation throughout the body.

The current marker for inflammation is hsCRP, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, which is produced by the liver when there is inflammation anywhere in the body. It is detected by testing for CRP with blood samples.

The Center for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention conducted a 48 month double blind placebo trial involving slightly over 10,000 heart patients covering 37 nations who had experienced at least one heart attack, technically know as a myocardial infarction, among whom all had high hsCRP readings.

The results were favorable for Novartis regarding lower hsCRP levels and lower future cardiovascular events, concluding:

Canakinumab significantly reduced high-sensitivity C-reactive protein levels from baseline, as compared with placebo, without reducing the LDL cholesterol level, and the 150-mg dose resulted in a significantly lower incidence of recurrent cardiovascular events than placebo. (Source)

But Illaris is a canakinumab drug injected every three months that would cost $$64,000 per year with a potential risk of lowered immunity against infectious disease.

Never mind the drug. The researchers at the Center for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, Massachusetts, led by Paul Ridker, MD, had been working on a bigger mission as indicated by the following excerpt from the Novartis study and Dr. Ridker’s statements after it. From the study:

Experimental and clinical data suggest that reducing inflammation without affecting lipid levels may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. Yet, the inflammatory hypothesis of atherothrombosis has remained unproved. (Source)

Upon releasing the study and after its publication, the lead researcher Dr. Paul Ridker, MD, asserted:

These findings represent the end game of more than two decades of research, stemming from a critical observation: Half of heart attacks occur in people who do not have high cholesterol. For the first time, we’ve been able to definitively show that lowering inflammation independent of cholesterol reduces cardiovascular risk. [Emphasis added] (Source)

Commentary: Lipid Theory of Heart Disease Has No Merit

While this study serves as official notice that inflammation is at least a considerable co-factor for cardiovascular disease, regardless of cholesterol levels, it should be weighed against the fact that it has also officially promoted further studies and pharmaceutical drugs without completely eliminating the bogus lipid theory of cardiovascular disease.

Lead researcher Dr. Paul Ridker commented:

Cardiologists will need to learn about inflammation today, the same way we learned about cholesterol 30 years ago. … we now need to distinguish those heart disease patients who have ‘residual cholesterol risk’ from those who have ‘residual inflammatory risk.’ These two groups will require different interventions.

The conventional medical solution for this false cholesterol source of heart disease has been to almost eliminate healthy cholesterol with widespread prescriptions of highly profitable statin drugs, creating conditions conducive to Alzheimer’s, other neurological diseases, and physical impairments. (Source)

Nevertheless, this study “officially” supports what some cardiologists and others have come to claim over the past few years, defying conventional medicine’s false culprit of cholesterol from saturated fat while pointing to arterial inflammation.

Dealing with Inflammation Naturally

There are many other natural, safer solutions for addressing inflammation. One is curcumin from turmeric. And there are natural solutions to coronary disease that should be pursued. A few appear near the end of this article.

The main sources of inflammation from dietary sources can easily be minimized or eliminated to inhibit chronic inflammation: sugar, HFCS (high fructose corn syrup), and other dietary factors that include the partially hydrogentated trans-fatty processed oils and margarine that were created to replace natural healthy saturated fats like coconut oil and butter.

Dr. Dwight Lundell, MD, was one of the earliest among the few cardiologists to admit the whole lipid (fat) and cholesterol theory of fat is wrong. A surgeon, he viewed the true source of cardiovascular disease as inflammation, stating:

The discovery a few years ago that inflammation in the artery wall is the real cause of heart disease is slowly leading to a paradigm shift in how heart disease and other chronic ailments will be treated. … if we chronically expose the body to injury by toxins or foods the human body was never designed to process, a condition occurs called chronic inflammation. Chronic inflammation is just as harmful as acute inflammation is beneficial.

Dr. Lundell outlines the dietary sources of chronic inflammation in this Health Impact News article.

Enjoy Eating Saturated Fats: They’re Good for You:

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32492,"by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Is the quality of the organic food you and your family eat being compromised for the sake of corporate profits? Organic Food consumer groups are raising this serious question in the face of the corporate takeover of the National Organic Standards Board.

Key organic food advocacy organizations met this week with the National Organic Standards Board and the staff of the USDA National Organic Program to confront them about the corporate power grab that is threatening to make the word “organic” just another meaningless word in the marketplace. The challenge against corporate control of the National Organic Program is being led by “organic watchdog groups” such as: Cornucopia, Organic Consumers Association, Beyond Pesticides, Center for Food Safety, and Food Democracy Now![1]

The National Organic Standards Board met in San Antonio, Texas this week. They discussed whether certain non-organic and synthetic substances should be on the National List of approved substances that are available for organic agriculture and organic food processing. Some substances in the following list are proposed and some are currently being used.

The substances on the agenda included: Streptomycin, Magnesium Oxide, Vinasse, Laminarin, Sulfurous Acid (sunset), Sodium Carbonate Peroxyhydrate (sunset), Aqueous Potassium Silicate – Methionine (used with poultry), Sodium Chlorite – acidified, Chlorine (used with animals), synthetic Tocopherols (used with animals), Trace Minerals (used with animals), synthetic Vitamins (used with animals), Vaccines (used with animals), Micronutrients (used with plants), Carbon Dioxide (used with plants), Chlorine (used with plants), Lignin Sulfonate (used with plants), synthetic Vitamins (used with plants), Ammonium Hydroxide, Glycerin, Polyalkylene Glycol Monobutyl Ether (PGME), Gellan Gum (sunset), Tragacanth Gum (sunset), Marsala and Sherry (sunset).[2] Substances that are marked with (sunset) refer to substances that would formerly have fallen off the National List of approved substances if the rules hadn’t changed in September of 2013. The sunset substances will now remain on the National List of approved substances until such time that a 2/3 vote of the NOSB removes them from the list.

The meeting was controversial, because of the new rules that were established by the staff of the National Organic Program in September of 2013, which changed the process for managing the National List. The new rules angered many organic food advocates, because the rules were changed without public comment, and because the rules favor the interests of large corporations. The changes will make it much more difficult to remove substances from the National List in the future. Detailed information about the change in the “Sunset” provision will be discussed below in the section about the history of the National Organic Program.

In September 2013, Deputy Administrator of the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) at the USDA, Miles McEvoy, issued a controversial memorandum overturning two decades of precedents in terms of the NOSB’s self-governance.[3]

USDA Takes Control over the National Organic Standards Board

When the National Organic Standards Board met in San Antonio this week, USDA representative Miles McEvoy took control over the chairmanship of the meeting. As Food Democracy Now! reported:

USDA representative Miles McEvoy has illegally taken over the meeting by appointing himself as meeting “co-chair” in an effort to erode the authority of, and control the decisions made by allegedly independent, NOSB members as spelled out in the Organic Foods Production Act (OFPA) of 1990.[4]

When the meeting began, McEvoy used his new position as co-chairman to explain the new setup. He told the members of the National Organic Standard Board:

The NOSB has only an “advisory” role governing organic standards and USDA staff sets all agenda items and makes all decisions.[5]

The Unilateral Changes Implemented by the NOP Staff Triggered a Protest at the Meeting

Food Democracy Now! reports on the fireworks that happened Tuesday morning in San Antonio:

Just as the NOSB meeting was beginning Tuesday morning, a small group of activists gathered in front of the room to peacefully protest the USDA’s unilateral change of the “Sunset Provision” which governs the removal of synthetic ingredients from organic production. USDA staff responded by calling local San Antonio police. After 15 minutes of chanting “Don’t change sunset!” the police arrested organic activist Alexis Baden-Mayer and carried her off in handcuffs for daring to stand up against the USDA’s watering down of organic standards.[6]

We are witnessing the corporate takeover of both the National Organic Program and the membership of the National Organic Standards Board. The trend that is unfolding is disturbing to those who are trying to protect the integrity and purity of organic food. As Will Fantle of Cornucopia News states:

Large food manufacturers, with support from their powerful lobbyist the Organic Trade Association (OTA), are also increasingly petitioning the NOSB for the addition of more and more gimmicky nutraceuticals for use in organic foods. DHA was an intensely contested material that the corporate-dominated NOSB narrowly approved in 2011.[7]

The approval of DHA oil is a clear example of corporate influence working against the public interest and the intent of the National Organic Program. DHA is used as an ingredient in organic baby formula. It is one of several substances on the National List that have a history of harmful effects on human health. Cornucopia reports on this in their online document: The Organic Watergate — White Paper: Connecting the Dots: Corporate Influence at the USDA’s National Organic Program:

Babies are experiencing diarrhea and vomiting, and serious complications, from conventional and organic formula with Martek’s [DHA algal oil and ARA fungal oil] [8]

Martek Biosciences Corporation, owned by the $$12 billion Dutch conglomerate Royal DSM, markets DHA oil from a strain of algae that was genetically modified through induced mutations with the use of radiation and/or harsh chemicals. Any technique that genetically modifies organisms or modifies their development through means that are not possible under natural conditions is strictly prohibited in organic food production.[9]

Despite the preceding information, the corporate dominated NOSB approved DHA oil for use in organic baby formula in 2011. There is good reason for being concerned about the decision making process at the National Organic Standards Board, and for speaking out against the abuse of power at the National Organic Program.

Click here to save organic integrity! Tell USDA Secretary Vilsack to reject the new corporate power grab over organic standards. It’s time to reverse the NOSB’s new rules that seek to weaken organic standards. Every voice counts!

Results of the 2014 NOSB Meeting in San Antonio

Several of the members of the National Organic Standards Board were unhappy with the change in rules. In some cases, the members of the Board protested by not voting in favor of items even though they were supportive of the proposals. A number of action items were discussed and referred back to the NOP staff and to subcommittees for additional study.

These are some of the actions that were taken regarding the National List. The National List contains non-organic or synthetic products that can be used in organic farming and organic food production even though they are not organic. The following edited information is based on notes provided by The Cornucopia Institute.[10]

Streptomycin will Sunset in October 2014

Streptomycin is an antibiotic that has been allowed as a last resort to control fire blight in organic apples and pears. It was supposed to Sunset on October 21, 2014. The NOSB Crops Committee submitted a proposal to extend the phase out until October 21, 2017, believing that would give orchardists more time to explore alternatives and more time for on-farm research to continue. Orchardists and NOSB members Harold Austen (Zirkle) and Zea Sonnabend (CCOF) made the motion to extend, but it failed to garner the required 2/3 majority to pass. Therefore, Streptomycin will be phased out this year.

Aquaculture materials Referred Back to Committee

All aquaculture materials proposed for farm-raising fish, shellfish, crustaceans, and algae were referred back to the Livestock Subcommittee. Another interesting twist was the addition of a motion to require the NOP to publish draft aquaculture standards and updated Technical Reviews before the Livestock Subcommittee would consider any aquaculture material listings in the future. This motion passed as well.

Methionine for Poultry Feed Referred Back to Committee

NOSB members took a stand against the new sunset policy by sending the methionine petition back to subcommittee though they would have supported it.

The methionine vote was long and complicated. Many felt that if they approved the language change that it would remain on the National List forever (because of the new USDA sunset rules) and would not stimulate a move towards the alternatives to synthetic methionine. However, the USDA NOP staff told the board members that they could not add an expiration date to the proposal because that constituted a “substantive change” and would have to be published in the Federal Register.

Therefore a motion was made by Thicke and seconded by crop producer Maravell. This motion passed 8 to 7. The methionine discussion will thus go back to committee and will probably show back up on the fall 2014 NOSB meeting in Louisville. In the meantime, the old rules for methionine apply, which is a hard cap of 2 pounds per ton of feed for broilers and layers, 3 pounds for turkeys and other fowl. Some say this is not good for poultry welfare, but poultry producers will have to wait until at least the fall for any changes to be made.

Magnesium oxide approved

Magnesium oxide was approved for use and was placed on the National List. The vote was 13 to 2. [The purpose of magnesium oxide is to control the viscosity of clay suspensions when farmers spray substances that are insoluble in water. This allows farmers to get uniform coverage when they spray finely powdered materials on their crops.]

Sunset Substances Referred Back to Committee

There were three materials due to sunset: Sulfurous Acid, Sodium Carbonate Peroxyhydrate and Aqueous Potassium Silicate. They were discussed by this subcommittee for the first time under the new sunset rules. The intention is to bring these back before the whole board at the fall meeting. [They will continue to be available on the National List.]

Ammonium Hydroxide and Glycerin Referred to Committee

Ammonium hydroxide (boiler additive) and glycerin were referred back to committee for more study.

How Did the NOP Get Taken Over by the USDA? Let’s Look at the History

I think we would all like to believe that organic food is pure, clean, and safe from all harmful substances. But, that is not always true. Some exceptions are permitted. Some of the substances on the National List have serious health risks, yet they are retained because of the influence of large corporations. It is concern over the list of permitted substances, and the change in the review process for removing these products from the National List of approved substances, which is drawing national attention from people who are concerned about the quality of food they eat and provide to their children.

Many of the materials on the National List are not controversial. For example, …Dairy cultures and yeast are allowed non-synthetics. Celery powder and pectin are examples of agricultural materials unavailable in organic form. In many cases, specific restrictions (annotations) are attached to these materials further defining and limiting their specific uses.[11]

History of the USDA National Organic Program

Cornucopia gives a good history about the USDA NOP in The Organic Watergate — White Paper: Connecting the Dots: Corporate Influence at the USDA’s National Organic Program:

When Congress passed OFPA [Organic Foods Production Act], it set up an independent advisory panel, the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB), which (unlike other advisory boards) has statutory authority. Any synthetic input or ingredient used in organic food production must be reviewed and approved by the NOSB to assure that no chemicals that could pose a threat to human health or the environment are used in organic food production.

The NOSB [National Organic Standards Board] also recommends policy and modifications to the regulations governing organic agriculture and food processing in the United States.

In part to placate concerns about handing over authority of the organic label to the federal government (it was previously a voluntary certification system), Congress specifically earmarked the majority of the 15 seats on the NOSB for organic farmers, consumers, scientists and environmentalists as a way to balance the power of commercial interests involved in organic food manufacturing, marketing and retail sales.[12]

Destroying the Credibility of the word “Organic”

A four pronged movement of corporate influence is weakening the National Organic Program and is destroying the integrity of the word “organic.”

Stacking the Board

The 15 seats on the National Organic Standards Board (NOSB) were intended for organic farmers, consumers, scientists, environmentalists and food producers. The goal was to balance the power of corporate interests with the interests of the consumer and those directly involved with organic food production. As time progressed, the membership of the NOSB began to shift. Independent-minded consumers, farmers, scientists, and environmentalists were replaced by representatives of corporations, who are largely motivated by the bottom line of corporate profitability. The weight of the membership now leans heavily toward corporate interests. For additional information about this transformation, I highly recommend reading “The Organic Watergate—White Paper: Connecting the Dots: Corporate Influence at the USDA’s National Organic Program,” prepared by the Cornucopia Institute.[13]

Protecting the National List

At the heart of the National Organic Program’s regulatory process is what is called the “National List.” This is a list of non-organic and synthetic products that are permitted for specific purposes in organic agriculture, or for the processing/manufacturing of certified organic food. When the National Organic Standards were created, the goal was to review the synthetic products on the National list every 5 years to see if they could be eliminated. This review process was called the Sunset provision. The hope was that new natural alternatives might be found to replace the items on the National List. If newer and safer products were found, then the old products could be allowed to fall off the list when their expiration date was reached. This would make the substances prohibited from further use.

Substances on the National List would automatically fall off the list after 5 years, unless the NOSB decided by a 2/3 vote to put the item back on the list for another 5 years. In other words, there was a good possibility that items could fall off the list unless a super majority (2/3) of the consumers, farmers, scientists, and food processors could agree that the items should be kept on the list.

This plan changed dramatically on Monday, September 16, 2013 when the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) announced new final rules without public comment. These rules changed how it would handle the sunset provision of the National List:

The NOSB will vote on any motions to remove substances from the National List. If a Subcommittee had published a proposal to remove a substance, then a member of the NOSB can make a motion to remove that substance from the National List. As specified by OFPA, two-thirds of the votes cast at the meeting shall be decisive of any motion (7 U.S.C. 6518(i)). For motions to remove a substance, this means that two-thirds of votes cast must be in favor of removal of the substance. A motion to remove a substance that does not receive two-thirds of the votes cast fails, and the substance will remain on the National List.[14]

The new rule turned the entire sunset process upside down and actually eliminated it. Now, substances no longer fall off the list automatically every 5 years. Instead, they stay on the list until a subcommittee of the NOSB requests that an item be removed from the National List. Substances stay on the National List indefinitely, or until 2/3 of the members of the National Organic Standards Board vote to remove an item. Since the National Organic Standards Board is dominated by corporate interests, there is a high motivation to keep substances on the list, because many of the items on the National List benefit large scale corporate food producers. Thus, even if these non-organic and synthetic substances have been proven to be harmful to human health, it will now be even harder to remove them.

An example of a harmful substance that is still on the National List is carrageenan, which has been added to many types of organic food since 1995, even though there continue to be serious health concerns. Research shows that carrageenan causes gastrointestinal inflammation.[15]

One type of carrageenan is listed by the World Health Organization’s International Agency for Research on Cancer as a “possible human carcinogen.”

Who would have thought, when members of the organic community lobbied Congress to set up a system to assure integrity in the organic industry, that we would find the National Organic Standards Board approving a food ingredient classified by the World Health Organization as a “possible carcinogen” in organic food?[16]

Biased Reviews of Substances on the National List

In the past, substances on the National List were to be scientifically reevaluated every 5 years. This involved examining the scientific literature to determine whether there was new information that might cause the NOSB to remove the item from the National List because of safety concerns. These reviews were often conducted by corporation scientists or by agencies representing corporate interests. They often ignored important research if it did not support the continued use of the substances. Cornucopia reports:

Inadequate TRs [product reviews] in the past were in part due to the bias and corporate affiliations of the scientists performing the reviews. Today, rather than moving away from technical reviews with corporate bias, the USDA is partnering with The Organic Center to perform technical reviews.

The Organic Center began as the nonprofit arm of the Organic Trade Association (OTA), an industry lobby group, and is generally controlled and funded by the same giant corporations that run the OTA.

The rest of The Organic Center’s leadership represents many corporations involved in organics: UNFI, Dean Foods, Earthbound Farms, Safeway, Organic Valley, and Whole Foods. Four individuals have a financial relationship to Dean Foods alone (WhiteWave Division/Horizon and Silk brands).

Non-organic and synthetic materials for use in organics are nearly universally petitioned by corporations involved in organics, or strongly supported by these corporations. Many of these corporations have executives sitting on the Board of The Organic Center (some of these same firms also have employees serving on the NOSB). The employees of The Organic Center are therefore not in a position to provide truly independent and credible technical reviews.[17]

Names of Reviewers Kept Secret

The names and affiliation of those who conduct scientific reviews of substances on the National List are kept secret. This means that the public is uninformed about potential conflicts of interest among the reviewers.

Where is the National Organic Program Headed?

Kevin Engelbert, a New York dairy farmer and past member of the NOSB answers this question:

“I see a clear disconnect between the successes gained by powerful economic interests in the $$30 billion plus organic industry and the family-scale farmers who get their hands dirty for a living,”

Engelbert’s statement references corporate interests that are focusing their lobbying prowess on the USDA’s National Organic Program and facilitating a shift to factory farm production of milk and eggs, along with an exponential increase in the importation of organic commodities from developing countries, principally China.

“We seem to be headed for an organic marketplace with two distinct branches, which will force consumers to make an extra effort to ensure that the organic brands they purchase are truly high-integrity,” Engelbert added.[18]

Departure from the Original Intent of the Law

The corporate takeover of the National Organic Program has come to the attention of the congressmen who wrote the original law. They have spoken out against the changes implemented by NOP staff regarding the new rules for the Sunset provision of the National List.

The original authors of the organic law, U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and U.S. Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-OR), have urged USDA to reverse this policy change, saying that it “turns the sunset policy of the Organic Foods Production Act on its head” and is “in conflict with both the letter and the intent of the statute.” (Press Release here.)

Summary

It appears that the goal of corporate agribusiness is to lower the standards of organic agriculture by using more and more non-organic and synthetic substances. They want to use factory farming techniques and all the other mass production methods that they have been using in conventional food production, but under the organic label. In short, they want to obtain the financial gain of using the certified organic label, while not expending additional money to produce higher quality products.

They are happy to be organic in name only and to meet the lowest bar of organic production that is possible. They are using the organic label for corporate gain while destroying the meaning of the word “organic” for those who are working hard to produce the highest quality products.

If corporations continue to dominate the National Organic Standards Board and continue to control the staff of the National Organic Program, then we can expect to see greater weakening of organic standards. If this happens, then we will no longer be able to depend on the USDA to help us navigate between food options.

Instead, we will need to focus on personally getting to know the people who grow and manufacture our food. At one level this is very good. But for people who live in areas where they don’t have many options for meeting organic farmers and food producers this becomes a significant obstacle to obtaining the high quality food that they desire.

At this point, there is still an opportunity to bring correction to a system that has become corrupt. Please add your voice to those who are concerned about the destruction of the meaning of the word “organic”. Please use the following link and sign the petition to save organic integrity. Tell USDA Secretary Vilsack to reject the new corporate power grab over organic standards. It’s time to reverse the NOSB’s new rules that are weakening the organic standards. Your voice counts!

Sources

[1] “Take a stand for Organic integrity,” Food Democracy Now!, (e-mail) May 1, 2014

[2] “Comments to the National Organic Standards Board Spring 2014 Meeting, April 29 – May 2, San Antonio, Texas,” published by The Cornucopia Institute. Available as a PDF in the following article: http://www.cornucopia.org/2014/04/organic-activists-charge-usda-regulators-capitulating-corporate-interests/

[3] “Organic Activists Charge USDA Regulators Capitulating to Corporate Interests,” Cornucopia News, April 24th, 2014. http://www.cornucopia.org/2014/04/organic-activists-charge-usda-regulators-capitulating-corporate-interests/

[4] “The Great USDA Organic Sellout: Take a stand for Organic integrity,” Food Democracy Now!, (e-mail) April 29, 2014.

[5] IBID.

[6] “Take a stand for Organic integrity,” Food Democracy Now!, (e-mail) May 1, 2014

[7] “USDA Power Grab,” Will Fantle, Cornucopia News, January 2nd, 2014. http://www.cornucopia.org/2014/01/usda-power-grab/

[8] “The Organic Watergate — White Paper: Connecting the Dots: Corporate Influence at the USDA’s National Organic Program,” The Cornucopia Institute. Available as a PDF from The Cornucopia Institute’s home page http://www.cornucopia.org/

[9] “What are Martek’s DHA and ARA oils?” The Cornucopia Institute. http://www.cornucopia.org/what-are-marteks-dha-and-ara-oils/

[10] “Track the Fireworks at the USDA Organics Meeting in TX #NOSB,” Cornucopia Institute, Retrieved 5/2/2014. http://www.cornucopia.org/2014/04/track-fireworks-usda-organics-meeting-tx-nosb/

[11] “USDA Power Grab,” Will Fantle, Cornucopia News, January 2nd, 2014. http://www.cornucopia.org/2014/01/usda-power-grab/

[12] “The Organic Watergate — White Paper: Connecting the Dots: Corporate Influence at the USDA’s National Organic Program,” The Cornucopia Institute. Available as a PDF from The Cornucopia Institute’s home page http://www.cornucopia.org/

[13] IBID.

[14] “National Organic Program—Sunset,” Department of Agriculture, Agricultural Marketing Service, 7 CFR Part 205, [Document Number AMS–NOP–13–0057; NOP–13–03].

[15] “The Organic Watergate — White Paper: Connecting the Dots: Corporate Influence at the USDA’s National Organic Program,” The Cornucopia Institute. Available as a PDF from The Cornucopia Institute’s home page http://www.cornucopia.org/

[16] IBID.

[17] IBID.

[18] “Organic Activists Charge USDA Regulators Capitulating to Corporate Interests,” Cornucopia News, April 24th, 2014. http://www.cornucopia.org/2014/04/organic-activists-charge-usda-regulators-capitulating-corporate-interests/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1723,"by SlowFood.com

Excerpts:

The horn of Africa is undergoing the most severe food crisis over the last 60 years. To address the growing number of people suffering from hunger, Kenya has decided to officially authorize the importation of genetically modified organisms (GMOs), becoming the fourth African country to open its doors to GM crops, together with South Africa, Egypt and Burkina Faso.

The new regulations were strongly opposed by environmentalist associations, a number of parliament delegates and local food producers, who are worried that the introduction of GM seeds will cause contamination of locally grown crops.

“When millions of people seem condemned to death by starvation, the rich local and international well-connected cartels (including industrial multinationals) are even hungrier”, says John Kariuki, vice-president of Slow Food International, working on the ground in his home country of Kenya. “With their excessive influence over many aspects of global economic, political and social life, they have lured some African governments into allowing the importation of GMOs.”

“The move is also allowing imported foodstuffs at the expense of locally produced alternatives,” continued Kariuki. “In many African countries what has been selected, saved, shared and withstood the test of time though surviving harsh climatic conditions is now no longer regarded as seed. Only dealers are allowed to sell seeds and in most cases they are sterilized deliberately so that farmers must go back to the shops every planting season.”

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.slowfood.com/international/food-for-thought/focus/115649/food-crisis-as-kenya-opens-its-doors-to-gmos/q=890725",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17298,"Comments by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

I have been investigating and covering the topic of vaccines for over a decade now, and know the topic so well that seldom, if ever, can I find anyone to carry on an intelligent conversation about the topic.

The controversial topic of vaccines in the U.S. today is primarily a topic about beliefs, and people’s trust in vaccines resembles a religious belief, not an informed opinion based on the facts.

I am not sure in all of my years in covering this very important and very controversial topic, that I have ever found a literary treatise on the subject as eloquent and comprehensive as this piece just put together by Barbara Loe Fisher, the founder of the National Vaccine Information Center.

Revolutions that have changed the course of history have begun on lesser documents and exposés than what Barbara has written here, and I am not exaggerating.

The Science is Never Settled

When discussing the topic of vaccines, the religious-like faith of those who put their trust in them usually starts out with a statement like: “When it comes to vaccines, the science is settled.”

This statement in and of itself is intrinsically unscientific, and is simply used to avoid debate and censor any information contrary to the religious-like beliefs so many hold about vaccines.

Fisher correctly points out how our modern day culture has come to worship “science,” but it is a very perverted form of true science.

To more fully understand this topic, read Dr. David Stewart’s excellent piece:

and watch the Discovery Institute’s excellent video on “Scientism” and how science today is being used not for the advance of good, but for tyranny:

Eugenics: Alive and Well in the U.S.

Fisher also does an excellent job of documenting the history of “eugenics,” which was born in American intellectualism and made notorious by Hitler in Nazi Germany to justify horrible atrocities.

As we have reported here at Health Impact News, while the term “eugenics” has become unpopular, the ideas it represents have never left American culture – they have just been “repackaged” and are the same arguments used today for forced vaccination as they were used in the past for forced sterilization. The principles of eugenics are also seen in medical kidnapping, particularly in the field of psychiatry.

For more on this topic, see:

From Nuremberg to California: Why Informed Consent Matters in the 21st Century

by Barbara Loe Fisher

National Vaccine Information Center

Since I was asked to make a presentation about vaccine exemptions in 1997 at the Department of Health and Human Services in Washington, D.C., I have publicly defended the informed consent principle, which was defined as a human right at the Doctors Trial at Nuremberg in 1947. 1

Informed consent means you have the right to be fully informed about the benefits and risks of a medical intervention and the freedom to make a voluntary decision about whether or not to accept those risks without being coerced or punished for the decision you make.

Informed consent applies not just to risks taken by participants in scientific experiments, but also to risks taken by patients under the care of physicians. [2, 3, 4, 5]

Informed Consent Principle Applies to All Medical Risk-Taking

Today, when a person publicly advocates for informed consent protections in vaccine laws, an “anti-vaccine” label is usually immediately applied to shut down any further conversation. [6,7 ]Perhaps because a conversation about ethics opens up a wider conversation about freedom.

The right and responsibility for making a decision about risk taking rightly belongs to the person taking the risk. When you become informed and think rationally about a risk that you or your minor child may take – and then follow your conscience – you own that decision. And when you own it, you can defend it. And once you can defend it, you will be ready to do whatever it takes to fight for your freedom to make it, no matter who tries to prevent you from doing that.

Never Do Anything Against Conscience

Albert Einstein, who risked arrest in Germany in the 1930’s when he spoke out against censorship and persecution of minorities, said, “Never do anything against conscience even if the State demands it.” [8]

There is no liberty more fundamentally a natural, inalienable right than the freedom to think independently and follow our conscience when choosing what we are willing to risk our life or our child’s life for.

Because the journey we take on this earth is defined by the choices we make. If we are not free to make choices, the journey is not our own. The choices we make that involve risk of harm to our physical body, which houses our mind and spirit, those are among the most profound choices we make in this life.

Vaccine Risks Not Being Borne Equally By Everyone in Society

So, vaccination must remain a choice because it is a medical intervention performed on the body of a healthy person that carries a risk of injury or death. [9, 10] And while we are all born equal, with equal rights under the law, we are not born all the same. Each one of us is born with different genes and a unique microbiome influenced by epigenetics that affects how we respond to the environments we live in. [11, 12]

We do not all respond the same way to pharmaceutical products like vaccines, so vaccine risks are not being borne equally by everyone in society.

Why should the lives of those vulnerable to vaccine complications be valued any less than those vulnerable to complications of infections? And why should people not be free to choose to stay healthy in ways that pose far fewer risks?

Vaccines Carry Risks and Do Not Guarantee Protection

The act of vaccination involves the deliberate introduction of killed live attenuated or genetically engineered microbes into the body of a healthy person, along with varying amounts of chemicals, metals, human and animal RNA and DNA and other ingredients [13] that atypically manipulate the immune system to mount an inflammatory response that stimulates artificial immunity. [14]

But there is no guarantee that vaccination will not compromise biological integrity or cause the death of a healthy or vaccine vulnerable person either immediately or in the future. There is also no guarantee that vaccination will protect a person from getting an infection with or without symptoms and transmitting it to others. [15]

Vaccine Science Gaps, Doctors Cannot Predict Who Will React

Reports published by physician committees at the Institute of Medicine confirm that vaccines, like infections, can injure and kill people but that:

very little is known about how vaccines or microbes act at the cellular and molecular level in the human body; [16, 17, 18] and

the Institute of Medicine confirms that an unknown number of us have certain genetic, biological and environmental susceptibilities that make us more vulnerable to being harmed by vaccines, but doctors cannot accurately predict who we are; [19, 20] and

that clinical trials of experimental vaccines are too small to detect serious reactions before they are licensed; [21,22] and

and that the U.S. recommended child vaccine schedule through age six has not been adequately studied to rule out an association with allergies, autoimmunity, learning and behavior disorders, seizures, autism and other brain and immune dysfunction. [23]

Yet, with these large gaps in scientific knowledge, government health officials direct physicians to vaccinate 99.99 percent of children regardless of known or unknown risks. [24, 25]

Government Licensed Vaccines “Unavoidably Unsafe”

Therefore, vaccination is a medical procedure that can be termed experimental each time it is performed on a person. By extension, “no exceptions” mandatory vaccination laws create a de facto uncontrolled, population based scientific experiment that enrolls every child at birth and never ends, sacrificing an unknown number of vaccine vulnerable children.

Further, the US Congress and Supreme Court have declared federally licensed vaccines to be “unavoidably unsafe,” removing civil liability from doctors who give vaccines and drug companies that sell vaccines in what has become a very lucrative multi-billion dollar business in the U.S. [26, 27]

At the same time, the federal vaccine injury compensation program created by Congress in 1986 that was supposed to be a no-fault alternative to a lawsuit – not instead of a lawsuit – has been gutted by federal agencies so that, today, almost no child receives compensation when they are hurt by vaccines. [28]

Now, a global vaccine injury compensation program is being created to shield multinational corporations from liability for injuries caused by the hundreds of new genetically engineered vaccines governments will mandate in the future. [29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 34]

All this, while medical trade groups affiliated with industry and government join forces to lobby for removal of flexible medical, conscientious and religious belief exemptions from state health laws, [35] as was done in California in 2015, [36] so that those who refuse government endorsed vaccines for themselves or their minor children can be denied an education, employment, health care and other civil rights.

Utilitarianism Should Not Be Foundation of Public Health Law

In 1996, when I was in the Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C. attending a conference on the role of physicians and scientists implementing public health policy during the Third Reich, I looked up and saw an inscription that took my breath away. It said, “the first to perish were the children…from these a new dawn might have risen.”

This commentary, which I originally presented in March 2017 at the inaugural meeting of Physicians for Informed Consent in California, [37] is dedicated to mothers and fathers, whose children died or became brain injured when the risks of vaccination turned out to be 100 percent.

I am arguing that the consequentialist theory of utilitarianism [38, 39, 40] is a pseudo-ethic that must be rejected as the moral foundation of public health policy and law so it can be replaced with a compassionate ethic grounded in respect for the human right to autonomy and informed consent to medical risk taking, including vaccine risk taking.

Pediatrician Censored for Reporting Infant Deaths After DPT Shots

I remember the day in the spring of 1982, when I was a young mother with a four year-old son struggling with the effects of a serious DPT vaccine reaction. I had just seen the NBC television documentary DPT: Vaccine Roulette [41] and was networking with parents of DPT vaccine injured children in the Washington, D.C. area when I decided to attend a press conference at the American Academy of Neurology to hear a young pediatric neurologist talk about his study in which two thirds of the babies, whose deaths were classified sudden infant death syndrome, had died within three weeks of a DPT shot.

This pediatrician was concerned that DPT vaccine may be a major unrecognized cause of early childhood death, including SIDS, and he suggested that more research be done. As soon as he finished, his physician colleagues launched a vicious attack on his professional expertise and personal integrity that left him physically trembling in a cold sweat. I had never seen anything like it.

During the break, I was approached by a PhD scientist who, at the time, worked for the National Academy of Sciences. This scientist asked me why I was there and I told him I wanted to know more about DPT vaccine because, when I was taking my baby to be vaccinated, I had no idea that vaccines – which were supposed to keep children healthy – could actually kill them.

He got this quizzical look on his face and said something to the effect that it only happens once in a million kids. And instinctively I said, but if a vaccine kills even one, how can all children be legally required to get it? He looked surprised, uncomfortable, and walked away mumbling something about vaccine benefits far outweigh the risks, and sometimes we have to make sacrifices for the greater good.

And I thought to myself, but the benefits didn’t outweigh the risks for my child or for the babies who died after DPT shots in the study that young doctor tried to talk about before he was figuratively lynched for suggesting that DPT vaccine benefits might not outweigh the risks.

And why was my child’s health sacrificed without my knowledge or permission, and what is “the good” that is made greater by child sacrifice, and who defines it as “good”?

Playing DPT Vaccine Roulette with My Son’s Life

When I became a Mom in 1978, my son, Chris, was the light of my life. Happy, healthy and precocious, he was saying words at seven months,

speaking in full sentences by age two and identifying words in the books we read together every day. One doctor told me he was cognitively gifted.

But everything changed in 1980 when, within hours of his fourth DTP shot, I witnessed the eyes of my two and a half year old son roll back in his head and his head fall to his shoulder as if he had fallen asleep sitting up. I carried him, pale and limp, to his bed, where he did not move for hours. I thought to myself, oh, he is tired and just taking a really long nap, or maybe he is coming down with a cold.

And when I finally was able to wake him but he couldn’t sit up or walk or speak coherently, when he had terrible diarrhea and only stayed conscious for a few minutes before falling into 12 more hours of deep sleep, I did not understand that I had witnessed a classic post-DPT vaccine convulsion and “hypotonic/hyporesponsive reaction and brain inflammation. [42, 43, 44, 45]

Chris was not just taking a really long nap, he was unconscious in his bed and could have died that day.

I did not know because my pediatrician had told me nothing about how to recognize a vaccine reaction, including symptoms of encephalitis – brain inflammation that has been a well-documented complication of vaccination for two centuries. [46, 47, 48, 49]

I did not know that the unusual local reaction after his third DPT shot was a warning sign or that our family history of severe allergies and autoimmune disorders could increase vaccine risks. [50, 51, 52, 53, 54, 55, 56]

Even though I came from a family of doctors and nurses, had a college degree and had worked at a teaching hospital – like most parents back then I believed that vaccines were 100 percent safe and effective.

And in the following days and weeks, when Chris could no longer concentrate or do what we could do before, when his personality changed and he was constantly sick with ear and respiratory infections, diarrhea, new food allergies and severe weight loss, my family and I could not understand why Chris had regressed physically, mentally and emotionally and become a totally different child. His doctors told us there was no explanation and said I should take him home and love him.

Eighteen months later, when I, and millions of other parents in America, watched the Emmy award winning “DPT Vaccine Roulette,” [57] I called the TV station and asked if I could have copies of the medical literature used to anchor the documentary.

And it was in my living room as I read case history descriptions of DPT vaccine injury and death in the pages of Pediatrics [58, 59, 60] and the British Medical Journal [61, 62, 63] and New England Journal of Medicine [64] that exactly matched the symptoms of brain inflammation I witnessed my son suffer that day, it was then I knew that physicians had been talking in medical journals for more than 50 years about the fact that pertussis vaccine could brain damage children, but no one had informed the mothers dutifully bringing their children for DPT shots legally required to go to school.

As I tried to help my son cope with multiple learning disabilities that included dyslexia, fine and gross motor skill delay, auditory processing and attention deficit, and short term memory delays so severe they confined him to a special ed classroom throughout his public school education, and as I interviewed hundreds of mothers for the book DPT: A Shot in the Dark, I came to know many families whose children had died or were much more severely vaccine injured than my child. [65, 66]

Chris has worked hard to compensate for his learning disabilities and he is a productive member of society today; but many vaccine injured children, tragically, are not. [67]

My son is among the walked wounded in what has become an unprecedented and still unexplained chronic disease and disability epidemic now plaguing millions of children and young adults in America. [68]

It is an epidemic of learning disabilities, ADHD, asthma, seizures, autism, diabetes, depression, and other types of brain and immune dysfunction marked by chronic inflammation in the body that has perfectly coincided with the tripling of the numbers of vaccines given to children – from 23 doses of seven vaccines starting at two months through age six in the early 1980s – to the current 69 doses of 16 vaccines starting on the day of birth with 50 doses given before age six. [69, 70]

In 1982, it was my curiosity about the truth of the matter that pushed me to research the science, policy, law, ethics, history and politics of vaccination and spend two decades participating in public engagement projects at the Institute of Medicine and Department of Health and Human Services, where I served as a consumer member on vaccine advisory committees at the FDA and CDC, [71] a journey that has now spanned half my life.

So, I offer you my perspective from that vantage point.

Philosophy: Love of Wisdom

Here we are in the 21st century, where the electronic communications revolution has created a virtual global public square on the World Wide Web, where more than three billion people are talking to – and sometimes yelling at – each other about ideas, values and beliefs, just like they did in the public squares of ancient Athens and Rome, and in universities, newspapers, and on radio and television since then.

Throughout recorded history, people have disagreed with each other about how to answer big questions, like:

Where do we come from?

Are we only physical matter or do we have an immortal soul, a consciousness that survives physical death?

What is truth and how can we know it?

What is ethical behavior and how can we define it?

Most of the formal debates about these questions have been described in the history of philosophy, [72] which the ancient Greeks defined as “love of wisdom,” that included study of knowledge; reasoning; nature of being or metaphysics; aesthetics; and ethics.

The philosophy of science emerged as a separate discipline in the 18th and 19h centuries after mathematicians and astronomers mounted a successful challenge to the authority of organized religion.

Science Now Dominates, Affect Cultural Values & Laws

Since then, science has invaded and dominated every other branch of philosophy. As we are reminded every day in so many ways, science and math rule, and scientific evidence determines what is true and what is not.

In fact, those who practice and submit to the authority of science insist that not only must science be used to define all truth, but leaders in science and medicine are authorities who should define “the good,” that is, define moral behavior and what kind of cultural values we should have, and what kind of beliefs we should be allowed to hold and teach our children, and what kind of laws should be passed in order to limit the ability of individuals to make “unscientific” choices that presumably endanger the public health and welfare. [73]

That’s a whole lot of pressure for many physicians, who do not want to be put on a pedestal and required to exercise that kind of authority over the lives of fellow human beings because – first and foremost – it interferes with developing a relationship with patients based on mutual respect, trust and shared decision making.

But, the stark reality is that the scientification of every branch of philosophy has elevated prominent scientists and physicians promoting “consensus science” into positions of authority, whose judgment should never be questioned. Long held cultural values, such as respect for freedom of thought, speech, conscience and religious belief are being called into question, which, in turn, affects court decisions and the making of laws.

No where is this more visible than in public health law using the materialist philosophy of utilitarianism to legally require all Americans to use an increasing number of vaccines without their voluntary informed consent.

So how did we get here? How did science come to dominate how we define what is true and good for the individual and society in the 21st century?

Old Arguments About What Is True and Good

Although conversations about the meaning of life and what is good started before written history and is embedded in tenets of five surviving major religions – Hinduism, Buddhism, Islam, Judaism, and Christianity – it was the classical Greek philosophers who began recording the debate.

Socrates, Plato and Aristotle believed that we are physical matter animated by a vital spirit, and we can use innate knowledge and reason to perceive what is good.

Epicurus disagreed and said humans are only physical matter and have no spirit or innate knowledge and that seeking pleasure and avoiding pain is the highest good and guide to moral behavior.

For 1500 years following the birth of Christ, the highest good was defined as knowing and loving God in western cultures adopting Judeo-Christian moral values – until the Scientific Revolution when 15th and 16th century scientists Copernicus, Galileo, Newton and Francis Bacon developed methods for determining what is true that put the existence of God on trial, along with the definition of what is good.

Although between the 16th and 19th centuries, Descartes, Locke, Kant, Hegel and other philosophers argued that humans are both physical matter and spirit and can use reason to understand scientific truth, as well as to perceive the natural law that serves as a guide to what is good, the materialist philosophers Hobbes, Hume, Bentham, Comte, Marx and Nietzsche argued that science proves there is no God or human spirit because we are only physical matter, and there are no absolute moral values but, rather, science can be used to define what is true and good.

This included the idea that a mathematical equation can be used to judge whether or not an individual action, government policy or law is moral.

The authors of the U.S. Declaration of Independence agreed with the philosophers who argued that humans have a physical body animated by a soul or spirit, and that we can use reason given to us by God to perceive the natural law, which includes natural rights, that belong to all individuals and limit the authority of government.

The Bill of Rights in the US Constitution contains strong language protecting exercise of natural rights. [74] These have been defined internationally as human rights, including freedom of thought, speech, conscience and religious belief. [75, 76]

Utilitarianism: Mathematics, Vaccination & Public Health Rising

But today, it is not respect for natural rights that guides public health policy in the U.S., it is the philosophy of utilitarianism, created by Jeremy Bentham, a 19th century British attorney and social reformer. [77, 78] Bentham mocked the U.S. Constitution for mentioning God and affirming natural rights protected in the First Amendment.

Like Comte, Marx and Nietzsche who followed him, Bentham did not believe that man has a soul or innate intelligence, so he returned to the hedonistic Epicurean philosophy of maximizing pleasure and minimizing pain to define what is good.

Bentham’s utilitarianism uses a mathematical equation that judges the rightness or wrongness of an action by its consequences. Bentham said that an action is only moral or ethical if it results in the greatest happiness for the greatest number of people. With its emphasis on numbers of people, Bentham created utilitarianism primarily as a guide to state legislative policy, and vaccine cost-benefit analyses are rooted in utilitarianism.

Bentham was a contemporary of British physician Edward Jenner, who took pus from a cowpox lesion and scratched it onto the arm of a young boy in an effort to prevent smallpox. Jenner’s experiment, repeated over and over again in lots of people, created a live human-cow hybrid virus called vaccinia. [79]

The new chemical industry took that vaccinia virus, added some chemicals and bottled it, selling it to doctors and governments. The mass smallpox vaccine campaigns that followed expanded the authority of a new branch of medicine focusing on population-based disease control, called public health. [80]

19th century physicians were enlisted by government to give infants and children smallpox vaccine and were persuaded to look the other way when some of them died or were left permanently disabled after developing raging vaccinia virus infections and inflammation of the brain. Fully embracing the utilitarian rationale, public health officials viewed individual smallpox vaccine casualties as necessary losses to achieve the greatest good for the greatest number of people.

Utilitarianism Codified Into US Law: Jacobson v. Massachusetts (1905)

At the turn of the 20th century, utilitarianism was fashionable in intellectual and political circles. It was the philosophical argument used by attorneys in 1905 to persuade the U.S. Supreme Court to issue a utilitarian ruling in Jacobson vs. Massachusetts. [81]

Lutheran Pastor Henning Jacobsen and his son had suffered severe reactions to previous smallpox vaccinations and Jacobsen argued that genetic predisposition placed him at high risk for dying or being injured if he was forced to get revaccinated. The court dismissed Jacobsen’s concern for his own health and life.

In a split decision with one dissenting vote, the Court that included Oliver Wendell Holmes, issued an opinion that would affirm the legal right for U.S. state legislatures to assign police powers to public health officials to restrict or eliminate individual liberty in order to “secure the general comfort, health and prosperity of the state.”

The Court maintained that all citizens can be compelled to receive smallpox vaccinations because the happiness and welfare of the majority outweighs the happiness and welfare of a minority. In other words, individual human sacrifice is ethical and legal if it is done for the common good.

Georgetown law professor and mandatory vaccination proponent Lawrence Gusting has described it as the most important Supreme Court opinion in the history of American public health law. [83]

Eugenics: Eradicating the “Unfit” in Buck v. Bell (1927)

In 1927, then Chief Supreme Court Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes used the Jacobson ruling to give the state of Virginia a green light to sterilize Carrie Buck, a 17-year old young single mother who doctors and state social workers had incorrectly judged to be mentally retarded, just like her daughter and mother, they said. [84]

Self-identifying as a Darwinian atheist and utilitarian, Chief Justice Holmes’s admiration for exercise of power is reflected in his legal opinions. [85]

Holmes did not believe in the concept of natural rights and said, “Between two groups of people who want to make inconsistent kinds of worlds, I see no remedy but force.” [86]

He believed scientific knowledge should be used to improve the human race and said, “I can imagine a future in which science shall take control of life, and condemn at once with instant execution what now is left up to nature to destroy.” [87]

And, so, when it came to Carrie Buck, Holmes, the eugenicist, coldly proclaimed–

“The principle that sustains compulsory vaccination is broad enough to cover cutting the Fallopian tubes.” [88]

In this merciless 1927 Supreme Court decision, just as in the 1905 Jacobson v Massachusetts decision, Holmes achieved his goal of stripping cultural values and ethical principles from U.S. law.

His logic was that if utilitarianism could be used to ensure the common good and protect society from infections through compulsory vaccination laws, then forced sterilization laws could be used to immunize society against becoming infected with bad genes.

Social Darwinism and Eugenics in America Inspired Hitler

Darwin’s theory of natural selection led to Social Darwinism [89] and eugenics that was viewed as a new science by U.S. intellectuals during the 1920s and 1930s. [90]

American biologist Charles Davenport had founded the Eugenics Record Office at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory on Long Island in 1910 [91] to improve the human race and soon courses on eugenics were offered at Harvard, Columbia, Cornell, Brown and other universities.

The National Education Association had a Committee on Racial Well-Being to help teachers integrate eugenics content into public school textbooks. [92]

By 1932, California and 28 other states had passed compulsory sterilization laws and the practice of eugenics was endorsed by leading U.S. scientists, medical doctors, lawyers, professors, businessmen, politicians, philanthropists, and social reformers like Margaret Sanger.

The next year, in 1933, Hitler adopted eugenics as a central piece of his plan to protect the common good by eliminating individuals he considered to be a threat to the health, security and economic well being of the State.

By the time eugenics became politically incorrect in the 1940’s, physicians implementing government health policy had performed more than 60,000 involuntary sterilizations on mentally disabled or chronically ill Americans. [93]

Hitler was influenced by Marx and Nietzsche and inspired by U.S. eugenics laws. He blended utilitarianism with social Darwinism and nationalism to create a view of the State as one biological entity or body that must be kept healthy and free from disease and threats from unfit individuals.

Enlisting the assistance of physicians and public health officials, the first minority considered unfit and expendable were severely handicapped children, the chronically sick and mentally ill, the “useless eaters” they were called. And when the reasons for why a person was identified as a threat to the health, economic stability, or security of the State grew longer to include minorities who were too old or too Jewish or too Catholic or too opinionated or simply unwilling to believe what those in control of the State said was true….as the list of those the State branded as persons of interest to be demonized, feared, tracked, isolated and eliminated grew, so did the collective denial of those who had yet to be put on that list.

Doctors’ Crimes Against Humanity: Judgment at Nuremberg

When doctors were charged with crimes against humanity at the Doctor’s Trial at Nuremberg for carrying out horrific scientific experiments on captive children and adults in the concentration camps, including vaccine experiments, they pointed to U.S. eugenics laws and invoked a utilitarian defense, claiming it was moral to sacrifice the health and lives of individuals to advance scientific knowledge that could save the lives of many more. [94, 95]

Out of the Doctors Trial at Nuremberg came the Nuremberg Code, of which Yale law professor and physician Jay Katz said, “if not explicitly then at least implicitly, commanded that the principle of the advancement of science bow to a higher principle: protection of individual inviolability. The rights of individuals to thoroughgoing self-determination and autonomy must come first. “ [96]

The First Principle of the Nuremberg Code is, “The voluntary consent of the human subject is absolutely essential.” [97]

The Doctor’s Trial at Nuremberg put a human face on individual victims of immoral government health policies. The Nuremberg Code stands as an uncompromising affirmation of the value of every human life and the natural right to self-determination, a timeless guide to ethical behavior by scientists and physicians.

While post World War II Europe had to process what they had learned from The Doctor’s Trial at Nuremberg and the holocaust, things were very different in America. In our country, prominent members of our society who had promoted and participated in the practice of eugenics were never required to look in the mirror and reflect upon what they had done, or face public disgrace. [98] They just went underground.

Science & Math Rule: History of Philosophy Forgotten

Our perception of what is true and good is very much influenced by the prism through which we are taught to view the world.

In today’s public schools, education is focused on science and math, but the study of philosophy and its’ impact on human history is not valued or taught that often. There is no discussion about the kind of utilitarian thinking that made eugenics acceptable in America.

Few Gen Xers and Millennials, who will steer our nation into the second half of the 21nd century, understand the ramifications of allowing utilitarianism to guide public health policy and law, even as the specter of genetic engineering to change what it means to be human is already underway. [99, 100, 101]

Do they understand the influence of utilitarian philosophers like Dr. Peter Singer, professor of bioethics at Princeton, who says it is ethical to euthanize disabled babies in the first 30 days of life, and it is ethical to euthanize elderly and disabled persons who are not aware they serve no useful purpose in society, because, he says, the life of a severely intellectually disabled person has no greater value than that of a dog or pig? [102]

Dr. Paul Offit and other contemporary utilitarians who develop vaccines, make vaccine policy and promote “no exceptions” mandatory vaccination laws [103] are forcing us to kneel before them at an altar reminiscent of the one that a 19th century August Comte, built for his Religion of Humanity.

We are not allowed to talk about what is true or good in the public square unless we have medical or academic credentials and then – only if we strictly adhere to promoting their consensus science, a code word for censorship that delegitimizes freedom of thought and dissent.

Debate About Forced Vaccination Transcends Vaccination

Today, everybody knows somebody who was healthy, got vaccinated and was never healthy again. But the vaccine science is settled, say the utilitarians refusing to compare the health of vaccinated children to unvaccinated children. Vaccines do not injure and kill, they say, or – if they do – it is so rare, that requiring some children to sacrifice their lives without their parent’s informed consent is ethical in order to enforce mandatory vaccination laws that serve the greater good.

It is for this reason that the debate about vaccination transcends vaccination. It is the tip of the spear in a much larger war that is being waged on cultural values and beliefs in America, which is why I call it The Vaccine Culture War.

Because if the State can tag, track down and force citizens against their will to be injected with biologicals of known and unknown toxicity today, then there will be no limit on which individual freedoms the State can take away in the name of the greater good tomorrow.

Today the battlefield of the 200 year war on microbes is littered with human casualties far too numerous to count while, in a natural fight to survive, the microbes have evolved to evade the vaccines. [104] And the scientists and physicians in leadership positions determined to win that war continue to fire away, stepping around the bodies of vaccine-damaged children lying on the ground.

Do I think that public health officials flying the science flag with a utilitarian star on it wake up everyday and say to themselves, I want to hurt a child today? Of course not. Most doctors and scientists want to help, not harm people.

Do I think they have lost their way, blinded by a utilitarian pseudo-ethic that makes it easy to ignore the bodies lying on the ground so they can allow themselves to believe that human sacrifice is ethical when it serves the greater good? Yes, I do. They have forgotten to ask themselves this question:

When one individual is considered expendable for the good of society, how many more can be considered expendable? Is it 500, 5,000, 50 million – or more? How many is too many to sacrifice for the happiness of the rest, and who gets to decide which ones among us are expendable?

Holocaust survivor Elie Weisel said, “When you take an idea or concept and turn it into an abstraction, that opens the way to take human beings and turn them, also, into abstractions. When people are turned into abstractions, what is left?” [105]

He is right. Abstractions are much easier to write off as coincidences. Abstractions are easier to add up in a column when there is no name or a face put to them. Abstractions do not live or breathe, bleed or convulse, scream or die. Abstractions can be dismissed and buried in files where nobody ever has to look.

Rejecting Utilitarianism & Embracing An Authentic Ethic

After surviving four concentration camps, physician Viktor Frankl called on mankind to reject the materialist view that a person only has value if he useful to society, which makes him a slave to the State. Frankl said:

“The gas chambers of Auschwitz were the ultimate consequence of the theory that man is nothing but the product of heredity and environment—or, as the Nazis liked to say, of ‘Blood and Soil.’” I am absolutely convinced that the gas chambers of Auschwitz, Treblinka, and Majdanek were ultimately prepared not in some Ministry or other in Berlin, but rather at the desks and in the lecture halls of nihilistic scientists and philosophers.” [106]

Transcending the horror of what he had witnessed, Dr. Frankl was able to see that, “Between stimulus and response, there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. In our response lies our growth and our freedom.“ ….. “It is this spiritual freedom – which cannot be taken away – that makes life meaningful and purposeful.

In the 21st century, all of us are called upon to choose whether or not we will embrace what Albert Schweitzer called “a reverence for life.” [107] It requires us to turn away from materialist philosophers like Hobbes, Bentham, Comte, Marx, Nietzsche and Singer, who say that individual life does not matter, that life has no meaning, and that morality can be reduced to a mathematical equation.

Enlightened physicians and scientists with compassion and courage are called upon to take back leadership of their professions from those who have lost their way. Even as those, who have been victims of utilitarian health policies, must continue to witness in the public square.

Only then can we reject utilitarianism as a guide to the practice of medicine so consensus science orthodoxy will give way to real science that yields the truth about vaccination and health.

Only then can we transcend the horror of what has happened to far too many children in the name of the greater good and adopt an authentic ethic, one that values individual autonomy and freedom of thought, speech and conscience – civil liberties that have been an antidote to tyranny in its many forms throughout human history.

Our mission continues. No forced vaccination. Not in America.

Read the full article at NVIC.org.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

References

1 Fisher BL. The Moral Right to Conscientious, Philosophical and Personal Belief Exemption to Vaccination. National Vaccine Advisory Committee (NVAC), U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Oral Presentation May 2, 1997.

2 Nir E. Informed Consent. Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy Sept. 21, 2011.

3 Cohen J, Ezer T. Human Rights in Patient Care: A Theoretical and Practical Framework. Health and Human Rights Journal 2013; 15(2).

4 HG.org. Understanding Informed Consent.

5 U.S. Library of Medicine. Informed Consent – Adults. Medline Plus Oct. 29, 2015.

6 Morrison P. Historian Elena Conis takes a look at decades of vaccination skepticism. LA Times Jan. 27, 2015.

7 Fisher BL. Class and Race Profiling in the Vaccine Culture War. NVIC Newsletter July 17, 2017.

8 Biography Online. Albert Einstein quoted by Virgil Henshaw in Albert Einstein: Philosopher Scientist (1949) edited by Paul A. Schilpp.

9 CDC. Possible Side Effects of Vaccines. May 8, 2017.

10 HRSA. National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program: Vaccine Injury Compensation Data. October 2017.

11 Institute of Medicine. Genes, Behavior and the Social Environment: Moving Beyond the Nature/Nurture Debate. National Academies Press (US) 2006.

12 Paul B, Barnes S et al. Influence of diet and the gut microbiome on epigenetic modulation in cancer and other diseases. Clin Epigenetics 2015; 7:112.

13 CDC. Vaccine Excipient & Media Summary: Excipients Included in U.S. Vaccines, by Vaccine. Jan. 6, 2017.

14 Eberly College of Science. Elementary Microbiology: Categories of Specific Immunity. University of Pennsylvania 2017.

15 Fisher BL. Pertussis Microbe Outsmarts Vaccines As Experts Argue About Why. NVIC Newsletter Mar. 27, 2017.

16 Institute of Medicine Vaccine Safety Committee. Adverse Effects of Pertussis and Rubella Vaccines. Afterword on Research Needs (p. 206). Washington, DC. The National Academies Press 1991.

17 Institute of Medicine Vaccine Safety Committee. Adverse Events Associated with Childhood Vaccines: Evidence Bearing on Causality. Need for Research and Surveillance. Washington, D.C. The National Academies Press 1994.

18 Institute of Medicine Vaccine Safety Forum. Summaries of Two Workshops. Research Opportunities (p. 44).Washington, D.C. The National Academies Press 1997.

19 Institute of Medicine Committee to Review Adverse Effects of Vaccines. Adverse Effects of Vaccines: Evidence and Causality. Evaluation of Biologic Mechanisms of Adverse Effects: Increased Susceptibility (p. 82). Washington, D.C. The National Academies Press 2012.

20 Institute of Medicine Committee on the Assessment of Studies of Health Outcomes Related to the Recommended Childhood Immunization Schedule. The Childhood Immunization Schedule and Safety Stakeholder Concerns, Scientific Evidence and Future Studies: Summary (p. 5-6) and Summary of Scientific Findings (p. 129-130). Washington, D.C. The National Academies Press 2013.

21 Institute of Medicine Committee Priorities for the National Vaccine Plan. The Safety of Vaccines and Vaccination Practices (p. 53). The National Academies Press 2010.

22 Ellenberg S. Clinical Trials of Childhood Vaccines. Institute of Medicine Committee on the Assessment of Studies of Health Outcomes Related to the Recommended Childhood Immunization Schedule Public Meeting Feb. 9, 2012.

23 Institute of Medicine Committee on the Assessment of Studies of Health Outcomes Related to the Recommended Childhood Immunization Schedule. The Childhood Immunization Schedule and Safety Stakeholder Concerns, Scientific Evidence and Future Studies: Summary (p. 5-6) and Summary of Scientific Findings (p. 129-130). Washington, D.C. The National Academies Press 2013.

24 CDC. Vaccine Recommendations and Guidelines of the ACIP. Contraindications and Precautions: Conditions incorrectly perceived as contraindications to vaccines (i.e., vaccines may be given under these conditions). Apr. 20, 2017.

25 Fisher BL. Blackmail and the Medical Vaccine Exemption. NVIC Newsletter May 18, 2015.

26 NVIC. National Vaccine Information Center Cites “Betrayal’ of Consumers by US Supreme Court Giving Total Liability Shield to Big Pharma. Business Wire Feb. 23, 2011.

27 LaVigne P. Global Vaccine Market Surges to More than $$70 Billion by 2024. The Vaccine Reaction Nov. 10, 2016. change

28 Fisher BL. Vaccine Injury Compensation: Government’s Broken Social Contract with Parents. NVIC Newsletter Nov. 2, 2015

29 Halabi SF, Omer SB. A Global Vaccine Injury Compensation Program. JAMA 2017; 317(5): 471-472.

30 Mastrioianni AC, Henry LM. Legal Complexities of Global Vaccine Compensation Systems. JAMA 2017; 317(18): 1911-1912.

31 Ramezanpour B, Haan I et al. Vector-based genetically modified vaccines: Exploiting Jenner’s legacy. Vaccine 2016; 34: 6436-6448.

32 Moyle PM. Biotechnology approaches to produce potent, self-adjuvanting antigen-adjuvant fusion protein subunit vaccines. Biotechnol Adv 2017; 35(3): 375-389.

33 Chan VS. Use of genetically modified viruses and genetically engineered virus-vector vaccines: environmental effects. J Toxicol Environ Health A 2006; 69(21): 1971-1977.

34 Trafton A. One Injection Could Carry Many Doses. MIT News Sept. 14, 2017.

Fisher BL. Defending the Religious Exemption to Vaccination. NVIC Newsletter June 28, 2016.

36 Richardson D. The Fallout from California SB277: What Happens Next? NVIC Newsletter Aug. 5, 2015.

37 Physicians for Informed Consent Inaugural Meeting Mar. 12, 2017 in Costa Mesa, CA.

38 Utilitarian Philosopy.com. Utilitarian Philosophy.

39 Kay CD. Notes on Utilitarianism. Wofford College Department of Philosophy 1997.

40 Anderson K. Utilitarianism: The Greatest Good for the Greatest Number. Probe Ministries International 2004.

41 Conis E. Vaccination Resistance in Historical Perspective. The American Historian 2015 (August).

42 Cody CL, Baraff LJ, Cherry JD et al. Nature and Rates of Adverse Reactions Associated with DTP and DT Immunizations in Infants and Children . Pediatrics 1981; 68(5).

43 Miller DL, Ross EM, Alderslade R et al.Pertussis immunization and serious acute neurological illness in children. Brit Med J 1981; 282: 1595-1599.

44 Institute of Medicine Vaccine Safety Committee. Adverse Effects of Pertussis and Rubella Vaccines. Chapter 4: Encephalopathy (pp. 86-88). Washington, DC. The National Academies Press 1991.

45 Institute of Medicine Committee to Study New Research on Vaccines. DPT Vaccine and Chronic Nervous System Dysfunction: A New Analysis. Executive Summary (pp.1-2) Washington, D.C. The National Academies Press 1994.

46 Harvard University Library. Contagion: Historical Views of Diseases and

Epidemics (Vaccination).

47 Latimer FR, Webster JE, Gurdjian ES. Neurological Complications of Rabies Vaccine: Report of Two Cases. AMA Arch NeurPsych 1951; 65(1): 16-28

48 Roos KL, Eckerman NL. The Smallpox Vaccine and Postvaccinal Encephalitis. Semin Neurol 2002; 22(1): 095-098.

49 Huynh W, Cordato DJ et al. Post-vaccination encephalomyelitis: Literature review and illustrative case. Journal of Clinical Neuroscience 2008; 15: 1315-1322.

50 Halpern, S.R., and Halpern, D. Reactions from DPT immunization and its relationship to allergic children. Journal of Pediatrics 1955; 47:60-67.

51 Hopper JM. Illness after whooping cough vaccination. Medical Officer 1961 (October 20); 241-244.

52 Illingworth R. Contraindications to immunization. Brit Med J (July 24): 229.

53 Steinman L, Sriram S et al. Murine model for pertussis vaccine encephalopathy: Linkage to H-2. Nature 1982; 299: 738-740.

54 Institute of Medicine Vaccine Safety Forum. Howe CJ, Johnston RB, Fenichel GM, Editors. Summaries of Two Workshops. Research to Identify Risks for Adverse Events Following Vaccination- Biological Mechanisms and Possible Means of Prevention: Genetic Factors Affecting Development of Autoimmunity. Washington, D.C. The National Academy Press 1997.

55 Institute of Medicine Committee to Review Adverse Effects of Vaccines. Evaluation of Biologic Mechanisms of Adverse Effects: Increased Susceptibility. (p. 82). Washington, D.C. The National Academies Press 2013.

56 Soriano A, Nesher G, Shoenfeld Y. Predicting post-vaccination autoimmunity: Who might be at risk? Pharmacological Research 2014.

57 Trebbe AL. Local TV Honors Its Own: Channels 4 and 7 Sweep the Emmys. Washington Post June 27,1983.

58 Byers, R.K., and Moll, F.C. Encephalopathies following prophylactic pertussis vaccination. Pediatrics 1948; 1(4):437-56.

59 Halpern, S.R., and Halpern, D. Reactions from DPT immunization and its relationship to allergic children. Journal of Pediatrics 1955; 47:60-67.

60 Cody CL, Baraff LJ, Cherry JD et al. Nature and Rates of Adverse Reactions Associated with DTP and DT Immunizations in Infants and Children . Pediatrics 1981; 68(5).

Berg, J.M. 1958. Neurological complications of pertussis immunization. British Medical Journal 1958; 2 (5087): 24-27.

62 Strom, J. Further experience of reactions, especially of a cerebral nature, in conjunction with triple vaccination: study based on vaccinations in Sweden, 1959-1965. British Medical Journal 1967; 4:320-23.

63 Stewart, G.T., et al. 1981. Pertussis vaccine and acute neurological disease in children. British Medical Journal 1981(June 13): 1968-69.

64 Koplan JP, Schoenbaum SC et al. Pertussis Vaccine – An Analysis of Benefits, Risks and Costs. New Eng J Med 1979; 301: 906-911.

65 Fisher BL. Harris Coulter Was a Brave Visionary. NVIC Newsletter Mar. 29, 2010.

66 Institute of Medicine Vaccine Safety Committee. Adverse Effects of Pertussis and Rubella Vaccines. Pertussis and Rubella Vaccines A Brief Chronology: 1985; Appendix B, pp. 325. Washington, DC. The National Academies Press 1991.

67 HRSA. National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program: Vaccine Injury Compensation Data. October 2017.

68 Fisher, BL. Vaccine Revolution for Truth. See References. NVIC Newsletter Apr. 19, 2017.

69 Centers for Disease Control (CDC). Recommended schedule for active immunization of normal infants and children. DHHS 1983.

70 CDC. Recommended Immunization Schedules for Persons Aged 0 Through 18 Years, United States, 2017

71 NVIC. Barbara Loe Fisher – Bio.

72 Philosophical Society.com. History of Philosophy (abbreviated).

73 Burnett T. What is Scientism? AAAS Mar. 30, 2016.

74 National Archives. America’s Founding Documents: Declaration of Independence, Constitution, Bill of Rights.

75 Constitution of Virginia. Article 1 Bill of Rights; Section 16: Free exercise of religion; no establishment of religion.

76 United Nations. Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 1948.

77 Internet Encyclopedia of Philosophy. Jeremy Bentham (1748-1832).

78 Crimmins JE. Bentham on Religion: Atheism and the Secular Society. Journal of the History of Ideas 1986; 47(1): 95-110.

79 Fisher BL. Smallpox (Variola) and Live Attenuated Vaccinia Virus. The Emerging Risks of Live Virus & Virus Vectored Vaccines: Vaccine Strain Virus Infection, Shedding & Transmission. pp. 16-21. NVIC.org November 2014.

80 Institute of Medicine (US) Committee for the Study of the Future of Public Health. A History of the Public Health System. The Future of Public Health. National Academies Press 1988.

81 Fisher BL. Forced Vaccination: The Tragic Legacy of Jacobson v. Massachusetts. NVIC Newsletter Nov. 2, 2016.

82 Jacobson v. Massachusetts. 197 U.S. 11(1905). Cornell University Law School.

83 Gostin LO. Jacobson v. Massachusetts at 100 Years: Police Power and Civil Liberties in Tension. Am J Public Health 2005; 95(4): 576-581.

University of Virginia. Eugenics: Buck v Bell, The Test Case for Virginia’s Eugenical Sterilization Act. Claude Moore Health Science Library 2004

85 Uhlmann MM. The Darwinian Mind and Faith of Justice Holmes. Claremont Review of Books May 21, 2001; 1(3).

86 Holmes-Pollack Letters (1941). 2H – P.L. 36, 41.

87 Holmes, OW, Jr. A Soldier’s Faith. Harvard Graduation Address May 30, 1895.

88 Supreme Court Upholds Sterilization of the Mentally Retarded – Buck v. Bell, 274 U.S. 200, 475 Ct. 584, 71L, Ed. 1000 (1927). LSU Law Center.

89 Bowler P. Social Darwinism. Oxford Bibliographies May 26, 2016.

90 Bouce T, Rivard L. America’s Hidden History: The Eugenics Movement. Nature Sept. 18. 2014.

91 Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory Library Archives. Eugenics Records Office.

92 Selden S. Eugenics Popularization. Eugenics Archive Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory.

93 Black E. Eugenics and the Nazis – The California Connection. SF Gate Nov. 9, 2003.

94 Annas GJ, Grodin MA. The Nazi Doctors and the Nuremberg Code. Oxford University Press 1992.

95 Schultz JJ. The Doctor’s Dilemma: The Utilitarian Medical Ethics of Nazi Physician Karl Brandt. University of Toronto Journal 2013; 90(4): 176.

96 Katz J. Now. In: Nazi Doctors and the Nuremberg Code – Human Rights in Human Experimentation. Oxford University Press 1992: Page 236.

97 Schuster E. Fifty Years Later: The Significance of the Nuremberg Code. N Engl J Med 1997; 337: 1438-1440.

98 DenHoed A. The Forgotten Lessons of the American Eugenics Movement. The New Yorker Apr. 27, 2016.

99 Resnik DB, Vorhaus DB. Genetic modification and genetic determinism. Philosophy, Ethics, and Humanities in Medicine 2006; 1(9).

100 Regalado A. Engineering the Perfect Baby. MIT Technology Review Mar. 5, 2015.

101 Kozubek J. How Gene Editing Could Ruin Human Evolution. Time Magazine Jan. 9, 2017.

102 Klusendorf S. Peter Singer’s Bold Defense of Infanticide. Christian Research Institute Apr. 16, 2009.

103 Fisher BL. The Vaccine Culture War in America: Are You Ready? NVIC Newsletter Mar. 8, 2015.

104 Fisher BL. Pertussis Microbe Outsmarts the Vaccines As Experts Argue About Why. NVIC Newsletter Mar. 27, 2016.

105 Annas GJ, Grodin MA. The Nazi Doctors and the Nuremberg Code – Human Rights in Human Experimentation. Elie Wiesel: Forward. Oxford University Press 1992.

106 Frankl, V. (1959). Man’s search for meaning. New York: Random House.

107 The Albert Schweitzer Fellowship. Reverence for Life.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24216,"by Alliance for Natural Health-USA

What to look out for, and how to protect yourself. Action Alert!

A Greenpeace report has found that several major sportswear brands—including Adidas, Nike, and Puma—contain polyfluorinated chemicals (PFCs), nonylphenol ethoxylates (NPEs), and phthalates. All of these chemicals are linked to major health issues. PFCs, which make items stain-proof, are linked to problems like low birth weight and prostate cancer; phthalates are linked to attention deficit disorder, asthma, breast cancer, obesity, and behavioral and neurodevelopmental issues; and NPEs degrade into hormone-disrupting chemicals.

This was one of a series of reports looking at toxic chemicals in clothing. Another report investigated luxury children’s clothing from brands like Dior, Dolce & Gabbana, Giorgio Armani, and Louis Vuitton, and found similarly troubling results. Fifty-nine percent of the products tested positive for one or more hazardous chemicals.

The problem is widespread. Some in the industry have noted that “some type of chemical finish is applied to nearly every synthetic fabric” in order to boost performance. A recent news report found that that clothing produced in countries like China where health and safety violations routinely occur contain substances like lead, PFCs, NPEs, formaldehyde, and phthalates. A Swedish report also notes that chemical substances can also be found in clothing quite unintentionally as a byproduct of the manufacturing process, such as the formaldehyde that is released from certain reactive resins, and toxic metals that are present due to impurities in the raw material.

The Swedish report warns that these dangerous substances, which may cause severe health effects, should be avoided in articles with direct and prolonged skin contact. Workout clothing, for example, is designed to be form-fitting and to interact with the skin during periods of high-heat and friction, potentially increasing the exposure levels.

While it does not appear that the amount of toxic chemicals in this clothing causes acute problems in the short term, we don’t know what the effect of long-term exposure could be. And even if the levels of these dangerous substances are low, some people are more vulnerable than others, especially those with some common genetic polymorphisms, as we saw in our recent article about aluminum’s dangers, and children, since their immune systems are not fully developed.

Experts advise that consumers avoid clothing that is crease-free, moth-repellant, stain-resistant, or fire-retardant, as these properties are typically achieved by using the above-mentioned toxic chemicals. In workout clothes, screen-printing and plastic prints are an indication of the presence of phthalates. Natural and organic fabrics like silk, cotton, and wool are the safest choice, as they are naturally antimicrobial and antibacterial and good at thermal regulation.

This summer, we reported on two chemical bills moving through the Senate. One, the Vitter-Udall bill, was drafted by the chemical industry. The stronger Boxer-Markey chemical safety bill would take much-needed steps in regulating the thousands of chemicals that are currently on the market.

Action Alert! Write to your senators and urge them to support the Boxer-Markey bill and oppose the Vitter-Udall bill. Please send your message immediately.

Read the full article here.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32436,"Rally in Baraboo Wisconsin for Raw Milk Farmer Vernon Hershberger

Photo by David Gumpert

Health Impact News Editor Comments: Back in 2010 a bill supporting the sale of raw milk in the state of Wisconsin enjoyed bi-partisan support, passing both the State House and State Senate. Jim Doyle, the governor at the time, vetoed it, in what many observers feel was a caving in to the special interests of Big Dairy. Yet in spite of this overwhelming support and now a new governor, apparently a single Sate Senator is holding up the new bill in committee and calling its supporters “fringe.”

by Todd Welch

Wisconsin Campaign for Liberty

I spoke with Senator Schultz’s chief of staff about moving the Raw Milk bill out of his committee, and do you want to know what he told me?

“Sorry we do not listen to fringe groups” – Dale Schultz’s Chief of Staff, Todd Allbaugh

Fringe, huh? Are you a fringe person that does not deserve to be listened to?

Dale Schultz’s office seems to think so!

As you already know the fight for the legalization of Raw Milk is heating up in Wisconsin. Farmers are being criminalized and our freedoms are being taken away.

Even if you do not drink raw milk, this fight should be very important to you.

If they can criminalize milk then they can criminalize other natural foods that they deem a threat to the establishment.

How long until they regulate your local farmers market?

You and I need to stand up and stop this nonsense right now!

Right now Senator Dale Schultz is stopping the legalization of Raw Milk. Senate Bill 108 has been stuck in his committee on Agriculture, Forestry, and Higher Education since May 26th 2011.

Why will Senator Dale Schultz not bring S.B. 108 up for a vote? Why will he not give the people of Wisconsin the freedom to choose what they drink?

Because of Senator Dale Schultz’ inaction, Amish raw milk farmer Vernon Hershberger faces maximum penalties of $$13,000 in fines or 2 1/2 years in jail.

Does that sound like freedom to you?

As I have said before, what this really comes down to is individual rights. Do you own your body or does the government? Do you own your property or does the government?

I need you to call and email Senator Dale Schultz right now at 608-266-0703, Sen.Schultz@legis.wisconsin.gov.

Because of Senator Dale Schultz’s inaction, Amish raw milk farmer Vernon Hershberger is faced with the possibility of going to jail for up to three years!

Ask him why he is standing against the freedom of Wisconsinites. Demand that he bring S.B. 108, the Raw Milk bill, up for a vote immediately and move it out of his committee.

If you own your body and your property, then the government has no right to tell you what you can and cannot consume. If you own your property then the government has no right to tell you what you can or cannot sell on your own property to willing consumers.

If they can stop you from drinking and selling raw milk then how long will it be before they come after your local farmers market?

Call and email Senator Dale Schultz right away at 608-266-0703, Sen.Schultz@legis.wisconsin.gov.

Tell him to stop standing against your freedom and bring Senate Bill 108 up for a vote right now!

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1090,"by Brian Shilhavy

Editor, Health Impact News

In order to get a perspective on sane and rational vaccine policy, we must again turn away from the U.S. corporate media and their primary advertising sponsors, the pharmaceutical industry.

The flu vaccine is, by far, the most prosperous vaccine produced and sold in the U.S., with over 300 million doses produced annually. It is also the leading vaccine, by far, injuring and killing people as evidenced by the quarterly Department of Justice (DOJ) reports of vaccine injury and death compensations by the Vaccine Court.

As far as we know, Health Impact News is still the only news source publishing settled cases for vaccine injury and death compensations in the national Vaccine Court.

In the U.S., one cannot sue a pharmaceutical company for injuries or deaths related to vaccines.

By simply reading the U.S. corporate “mainstream” media one is led to believe that all doctors and medical personnel support mass flu vaccination, and believe all medical staff should be forced to receive the flu vaccine every year.

But such is not the case. As we have reported over the past several years, many doctors and nurses nationwide oppose mandatory flu vaccination for medical personnel. There are several lawsuits by individuals and unions nationwide fighting loss of employment due to refusing a flu vaccine.

Not only are there questions regarding the efficacy of the flu vaccine that would mean un-vaccinated medical personnel present no greater danger to patients than those vaccinated for influenza, there are also serious civil rights issues involved and violations of HIPAA laws in requiring medical facilities to identify who has and has not received a flu vaccine.

The Jerusalem Post, an apparently pro-vaccine publication, recently reported that Prof. Leonid Eidelman, chairman of the Israel Medical Association and the next president of the World Medical Association, opposes mandatory flu vaccinations for doctors, and he opposes identifying which doctors have been vaccinated for the flu, and which ones have not.

IMA chairman Prof. Leonid Eidelman, who is chief of anesthesiology at the Rabin Medical Center-Beilinson Campus in Petah Tikva, told The Jerusalem Post that doctors should not be forced to get the vaccination. “And even if they do voluntarily wear a pin showing they were vaccinated, it doesn’t give a good impression about those who don’t. There is a slippery slope; doctors could be forced to wear pins saying they have HIV or hepatitis C. It would never end.” Eidelman turned down a suggestion from the Health Ministry a few years ago that those doctors who followed the recommendation be allowed to wear a pin or sign saying they were vaccinated. The ministry’s suggestion was aimed not only at informing patients whether their doctors were vaccinated, but also for doctors to serve as an example to patients that they too should go to their health fund community clinic for the annual shot. On Wednesday, he reiterated to the Post that he and the IMA were absolutely opposed to requiring medical staffers to be vaccinated and to the pin idea.

Professor Eidelman correctly pointed out that there are no studies proving that patients are being infected with influenza from those who are not vaccinated:

Eidelman added that he knew of “no studies showing that patients are infected with the flu by their doctors” or doctors infected by their patients. As for the argument that doctors with such pins would serve as role models for patients who are reluctant to get flu shots, the IMA chief said that is not their job. “It’s a personal decision for everyone, and doctors should not be dictated to.” Asked whether he himself had been vaccinated against the flu this season, Eidelman declined to answer because “this is a political question.”

A CDC sponsored meta-study of the flu vaccine and health care workers also reached the conclusion that there was no strong evidence that the flu vaccine given to health care workers offered any protection to patients.

Nick Kelley, PhD, research associate for the University of Minnesota’s Center for Infectious Disease Research and Policy (CIDRAP), said that the new analysis provides a more robust look at HCW flu immunization studies than earlier reviews and includes observational studies that weren’t available at the time. For outcomes that matter the most—lab-confirmed flu and flu hospitalizations—the two meta-analyses (the CDC’s and Cochrane’s) both find low or very low levels of evidence, he said. “We simply don’t have good evidence that vaccination of healthcare personnel prevents influenza transmission to patients,” Kelley said. (Source.)

Professor Eidelman’s position, and the position of the Israel Medical Association, and hopefully the position of the World Medical Association when Eidelman takes over leadership later this year (2018), will help protect the rights of doctors world-wide to refuse the dangerous flu vaccine should they so choose.

In the United States meanwhile, nurses and doctors nationwide are losing their jobs for their refusal of mandatory flu vaccines.

In the video above, Dr. Mark Geier explains the fraud behind the flu vaccine. Dr. Geier is NOT anti-vaccine. He is an M.D. and has a Ph.D. in genetics. He spent 10 years working at the National Institute of Health, and was a professor at Johns Hopkins University as a geneticist. He is also the author of over 150 peer-reviewed publications.

He worked on vaccine safety and efficacy for more than 30 years. He was one of four scientists that worked to replace the DTP vaccine, a vaccine that caused every child to become sick with a high fever at the time of vaccination, with the DTaP vaccine, which is a more purified vaccine and causes illness due to fever in only 3% of those vaccinated.

In the video above, he explains that the flu shot causes Guillain-Barré Syndrome, and that the flu shot is not very effective in preventing the flu.

He also explains that the CDC does not follow the law for vaccines in requiring long-term safety testing for the influenza vaccine like they do with other vaccines, as it is impossible to test a vaccine that changes every year.

So the flu vaccine is basically an experimental vaccine that they want to give out to 300 million people every year. There are also no studies showing the safety of giving the flu vaccine to the same person every single year.

However, Dr. Geier points out that the CDC is in the business of distributing flu vaccines, because they represent 300 million doses per year, whereas all the childhood vaccines together only number 20 million.

Dr. Geier goes on to explain that flu is “the wrong thing to vaccinate against” because you have to keep re-vaccinating against it every year, unlike childhood infectious diseases, such as smallpox, that are only vaccinated for once.

Dr. Geier points out how ridiculous it is spend billions of dollars on a vaccine that might, at its best, save about 50 lives a year, when there are far more serious problems causing death that are more worthy of that kind of expenditure.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

See Also:

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33302,"Last month (September 2017) we published the story about Jaelah Sue from Indiana, and the struggle her parents were having with CPS and Riley Children’s Hospital in Indianapolis over her medical care. Jaelah Sue was diagnosed with epilepsy at Riley Children’s Hospital, and her parents had great success in allegedly reducing her seizures from 50+ a day to 2-4 a day using CBD Oil (also known as “Charlotte’s Web Hemp Oil”). CBD Oil is made from hemp (not marijuana), which is not psycho-active (produces a ""high"") and is legal in all 50 states. Doctors from Riley Children’s Hospital allegedly did not approve of the parents' use of CBD Oil, and allegedly told the parents they were ""killing their daughter"" and reported them to CPS for medical neglect. CPS then forced the family to put Jaelah on a dangerous drug that gave her a negative reaction. Indiana for Medical Freedom, a group that has advocated for the Jerger family, has reported that CPS has closed the case, due to refuted evidence.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
2353,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

Members of the Elizabeth Birt Center for Autism Law and Advocacy (EBCALA), along with parents and children who received federal vaccine injury compensation, held a press conference in Washington D.C. on Tuesday (5/10/2011) announcing a study published in the Pace Environmental Law Review that looked at actual cases of brain injuries due to vaccines that were compensated in the government’s Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP). The study found 83 cases (and still counting) of autism, showing that the government has known about the autism – vaccine link for many years now, due to the millions of dollars awarded to parents for these brain injuries.

The parents at the press conference, along with EBCALA law center, are calling on Congress to open up an investigation into this alleged cover-up immediately. They claim that the cases uncovered by this study are just the “tip of the iceberg” and that many parents of vaccine-damaged children are not being compensated at all.

All of the parents at the press conference stated that they were NOT anti-vaccine. The purpose for them coming forward at this time is to stand up for the vaccine injured. They claim the government is ignoring the problems by denying the vaccine – autism link, while at the same time admitting there is an autism epidemic in the U.S. One of the parents present (see interview below), Dr. Sarah Bridges, stated that in the 11 years since her son was awarded compensation due to brain injury, not once has anyone contacted them to find out how the child was doing, or to use their case for further study as to why some children suffer autism and brain damage due to vaccines.

Here is the archived press conference:

Video streaming by Ustream

UPDATE 5/16/2011

Dr. Hoffman spoke with Attorney and advocate for vaccine safety, Mary Holland, Director of the Gradulate Legal Skills Program at NYU School of Law to discuss the highly controversial debate over vaccinations in children and their recent press conference. Dr. Hoffman and Mrs. Holland covered the many cases of parents who’ve filed suit in cases of children having autism and the link, or lack there of, to vaccinations. Listen to the archived program here.

UPDATE 5/13/2011

From the Elizabeth Birt Center for Autism Law and Advocacy Facebook Page: “We were gratified that congressional staff came to the briefing and asked very good questions about the VICP. We need your help to continue to pressure your Congressional reps to move forward with an investigation into the VICP. We will be in touch soon with more ideas about what you can do.”

UPDATE 5/11/2011

Fox 25 in Boston has reported that Congress will hold hearings Thursday regarding the vaccine autism link as a result of a new study published in the Pace Environmental Law Review yesterday. In the interview below, Dr. Richard Deth, a Ph.D professor of pharmacology at Northeastern University, states that there is clear evidence of a link between vaccines and autism in some children, and that these cases are not being examined. When questioned on the CDC position that there are no links, Dr. Deth replied that the CDC has an agenda that could motivate them to cover up the evidence. Watch the interview below:

Vaccine-autism link: New investigation: MyFoxBOSTON.com

Ask Your Senator and Congressperson to Send a Staff Member to the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Breakfast Briefing on 5/12

Dear AofA reader, please invite your Congressperson and Senator (see search links below) to attend The Elizabeth Birt Center for Autism Law and Advocacy (EBCALA) breakfast briefing on Thursday, May 12, Rayburn B-339 at 8:30 to discuss the article Unanswered Questions from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program: A Review of Compensated Cases of Vaccine-Induced Brain Injury. Click here to send a letter/email to your Representatives and Senators: Action Alert EZ Email Version The authors of the article, “Unanswered Questions from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program: A Review of Compensated Cases of Vaccine-Induced Brain Injury, ” published in the peer-reviewed Pace Environmental Law Review, vol. 28, no. 2, will discuss their findings that associate vaccine injury and autism. The article, released on Tuesday, May 10, is a first-of-its-kind investigation, providing critical information for legislators and staff on the Congressionally-created Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (VICP). The authors will also be prepared to discuss the impact of the Supreme Court’s recent Bruesewitz v. Wyeth decision, which preempts all vaccine injury claims associated with vaccine design defect from civil court. RSVP to bclay@dc-strategy.com or text/call: 202-498-4461

UPDATE 5/10/2011: Foxnews interviewed Mary Holland of New York University of Law about today’s Press Release (video below). We have been monitoring the press coverage (which is not much!), and most of it is negative and ridiculing the parents and authors of the study. Outside of Fox News, here is a attempt at a fair report from Medscape: Anti-Vaccine Proponents Claim Court Paid for Autism Cases – although the title is misleading as are some of the things reported. For a good response from one of the author’s of the study, see here.





Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24766,"Concerns that were raised with the first dietary recommendations 30 y ago have yet to be adequately addressed. The initial Dietary Goals for Americans (1977) proposed increases in carbohydrate intake and decreases in fat, saturated fat, cholesterol, and salt consumption that are carried further in the 2010 Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee (DGAC) Report. Important aspects of these recommendations remain unproven, yet a dietary shift in this direction has already taken place even as overweight/obesity and diabetes have increased. Although appealing to an evidence-based methodology, the DGAC Report demonstrates several critical weaknesses, including use of an incomplete body of relevant science; inaccurately representing, interpreting, or summarizing the literature; and drawing conclusions and/or making recommendations that do not reflect the limitations or controversies in the science. An objective assessment of evidence in the DGAC Report does not suggest a conclusive proscription against low-carbohydrate diets. The DGAC Report does not provide sufficient evidence to conclude that increases in whole grain and fiber and decreases in dietary saturated fat, salt, and animal protein will lead to positive health outcomes. Lack of supporting evidence limits the value of the proposed recommendations as guidance for consumers or as the basis for public health policy. It is time to reexamine how US dietary guidelines are created and ask whether the current process is still appropriate for our needs.

Read the Full Article here: http://www.nutritionjrnl.com/article/S0899-9007(10)00289-3/fulltext",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32326,"by Gretchen DuBeau, Esq.

The Vaccine Reaction

Excerpts:

In 2014, an outbreak of whooping cough (pertussis) broke out in the San Diego area. Of the 621 individuals who were infected, nearly all of them were completely up to date on all preventive vaccinations. If vaccines are given to protect from disease, how could this happen?

San Diego public health official Dr. Wilma Wooten argued that the cause was related to a decrease in the protection offered by vaccines after the first year. This answer is most revealing, in that it speaks to the actual efficacy of vaccines. It also shows that the concept of herd immunity is largely myth—and completely misunderstood.

The theory of herd immunity states that when a critical mass of the population (usually stipulated at 95%) is vaccinated against a disease, the possibility of outbreaks is eliminated. This is the main argument that is used to shame parents who wish to refuse certain vaccinations for their children: by not vaccinating, they put the health of the “herd” at risk.

However, if vaccines start losing effectiveness after the first year, as Dr. Wooten says, then constant revaccination would be required, since the immunity offered is only temporary for most vaccines. Achieving the required rate of protection is virtually impossible under this paradigm.

Of course, if we look back over the decades and note the lack of rampant epidemics in our nation, while remembering that vaccine protection is in perpetual decline, the myth of herd immunity quickly unravels. Our society has never achieved this level of herd immunity, yet not a single major outbreak of disease has occurred.

While herd immunity may not exist, herd mentality most definitely does. Health authorities, media commentators, and schools and their parent–teacher associations waste no opportunity in perpetuating this myth. Proponents have done such a thorough job of convincing the public that a parent who questions it is treated like someone who thinks the earth is flat or believes climate change is a conspiracy. On the contrary: an unprejudiced view of the science about vaccines, and an examination of history, clearly show that the herd immunity theory is—and always has been—flawed.

Vaccines may have a place in our medical arsenal, but they are not the silver bullet they’re portrayed to be. Year after year the pharmaceutical industry, looking for lucrative new profit centers, churns out new vaccines. They use pseudo-science to convince the public that these products are safe and effective, and they use public shaming to convince the citizenry that non-compliance is a public health threat. This entire racket completely falls apart with a close examination of the herd immunity myth. Until we are honest in our assessment of both the safety and efficacy of vaccines, kids will continue to be hurt, rights will continue to be trampled, and mythology will continue to trump science.

Read the Full Article at The Vaccine Reaction.

Gretchen DuBeau is the executive director of Alliance for Natural Health USA.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47311,"Africans must not be used as guinea pigs for untested high-risk new GM technology

by GMWatch.org [1]

The Alliance for Food Sovereignty in Africa has called for an immediate ban on the importation into South Africa of Monsanto’s high-risk second-generation gene-silencing GM maize destined for human consumption.

In an open letter [2] to African biosafety regulators, AFSA rejects and condemns US corporation Monsanto’s plan to exploit millions of Africans as unwitting human guinea pigs for their latest genetic engineering experiment. AFSA also condemns the IITA (International Institute of Tropical Agriculture) field trial application in Nigeria using this same risky technology to produce GM cassava for the agro-fuels industry.

These GM applications target staple foods of maize and cassava, eaten by many millions of Africans every day. AFSA’s open letter states:

“Scientists have reported that the untested gene-silencing effect is able to cross over into mammals and humans, and affect their genetic makeup with unknown potential negative consequences, and have called for long-term animal testing and stronger regulation before this goes ahead.”

AFSA demands that while these risks remain, the introduction of this untested RNAi technology be unequivocally banned by all member states of the African Union. Regulators in South Africa and Nigeria are urged to reject the importation of this GM maize, and the field-testing of GM cassava. These grave threats to the health and well being of African peoples must be recognized, understood and resisted.

AFSA campaigns for food sovereignty – the right of peoples to healthy and culturally appropriate food produced through ecologically sound and sustainable methods, and their right to deﬁne their own food and agriculture systems. It urges African policymakers to reject genetic engineering and support the transition to agroecology as the sustainable future of farming in Africa.

Source: African Centre for Biodiversity

https://acbio.org.za/open-letter-to-african-biosafety-regulators/ [3]

Read the open letter here (organisations can sign on):

http://afsafrica.org/open-letter-to-african-biosafety-regulators-do-not-allow-africans-to-be-used-as-guinea-pigs/ [2]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24750,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

One of the most pervasive dangerous food myths has been the lipid hypothesis or theory of heart disease. It proclaims that eating foods containing saturated fats are the root cause of obesity and heart disease. It has prevailed for over a half-century and is only now beginning to deteriorate.

It was originally created by University of Minnesota researcher Ancel Keys with his “Seven Countries Study” that spawned the lipid theory of heart disease. This theory claims that saturated fats create cholesterol and cholesterol clogs arteries and induces heart disease and heart attacks.

What followed was recommendations by the USDA to condemn saturated fats like the tropical oils, and recommend instead the new expeller-pressed polyunsatured seed oils developed after World War II from US cash crops like soy and corn, which are heavily subsidized by taxpayers to keep prices artificially low and dominate the world market in edible oils.

In the pharmaceutical world, the lipid theory of heart disease spawned the most profitable drugs of all time, statin drugs, designed to artificially lower cholesterol, a substance needed in our body and without which life would be impossible.

The new lipid theory of heart disease got Ancel Keys on the 1961 cover of Time Magazine. Yet in 2014 Time issued their mea culpa for falling for Ancel’s bogus report and claims with a featured titled “Eat Butter: Scientists labeled fat the enemy. Why they were wrong.” Many doctors and nutritionists echoed Ancel in condemning saturated fats, but “new science” has demonstrated the lipid theory is wrong and unscientific.

But this proclaimed “new science” has been here all along, before Ancel Keys report and the subsequent McGovern led Senate Committee, the Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs final 1977 report that contained a few valid dietary points, but vilified saturated fats and salt.

The USDA and FDA followed the Committees’ dietary advice and made the lipid theory official and more popular – an “everybody knows” type of common knowledge that really wasn’t true. It is simply a case of politics and money over real science.

Only after a half-century of low and no fat food like substances had created more obesity and did nothing to rein in heart disease control in the marketplace that the saturated fat cholesterol myth began to erode, thanks to internet sites that publish real dietary science like Health Impact News and their website CoconutOil.com.

“It’s Easier to Fool People than Tell Them They’ve Been Fooled” – Mark Twain

Very few want to hear that his or her time and energy was invested in a bogus claim, even claims detrimental to one’s health. Better to think that the “authorities” have their backs and they’re doing the right thing. This is a major reason falsehoods all too slowly surrender to truth.

The effort to reduce cholesterol with dangerous statin drugs has made a lot of money, maybe more than any other type of drug on the market. But its successful function is actually harmful in addition to its “side effects.” A plethora of new and old science supports cholesterol as a very vital substance for creating hormones, producing vitamin D from sunlight, cell walls, and brain and nervous system tissue.

The high cholesterol count fears persist along with the notion that consuming saturated fats is behind it all. The officially supported no or low fat food propaganda supports a processed food industry that delivers foods and beverages with high amounts of added sugars or high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) added to processed grain carbohydrates stripped of their natural nutrients.

Unpopular but real science points to those added sugars and HFCS as the primary source of obesity, metabolic dysfunction leading to diabetes, and arterial inflammation leading to heart disease.

The trans-fats of cheap processed hydrogenated vegetable oils replacing healthy saturated fats contained in butter and coconut oil adversely affect cellular function and structure. Folks do get fatter and unhealthier with these cheaper substitute fats that are ubiquitous in the standard American diet (SAD).

These oils are peddled for their lower prices and longer shelf lives. But their longer shelf lives are meaningless. They do not preclude processed vegetable oils’ inherent toxicity. (Source)

Processed foods containing these partially hydrogenated oils have contributed more to obesity, diabetes, and declining heart health than pure saturated fats, which if untainted promote health in all those areas. But the misinformation is still official thanks to key decision makers’ vested interests within the USDA and FDA. (Source)

A Study Explaining Fat Disinformation’s Worldwide Worsening Health and Economic Woe

The most obvious harm done by the false propaganda against saturated fats in traditional foods are with regions that relied heavily on saturated fats for centuries, especially edible tropical oils such as coconut oil prior to the lipid hypothesis or theory’s dogma that permeated and replaced their traditional diets.

A recent paper, “Coconut oil and palm oil’s role in nutrition, health and national development: A review,” was published in the September 2016 Ghana Medical Journal (GMJ).

This report points out the obvious, among those wary of government and medical propaganda, without reservation:

… anti-tropical oil campaigns in the United States were conducted more for economic gains than for genuine concerns of the health of the Americans [Emphasis added]. Sadly, this adverse publicity of tropical oil in the United States, has spread worldwide, even to countries in the developing world, with heart disease prevalence far lower [prior to the lipid theory] than that of the United States. Furthermore, in the developing world, this adverse publicity is characterized by pressure from all fronts including governmental agencies and health professionals (including nutritionists) to reduce consumption of oils such as palm and coconut oils. (Source)

The paper goes on to detail the nutritional benefits of saturated fats, called saturated because they are saturated with hydrogen, and the different types of saturated fats according to the lengths of their carbon atoms.

While considering that long chain fatty acids could be a triglyceride storage issue for those with digestive issues, the paper mentions how long chain fatty acids’ slow conversion to energy enhances their nutrient absorption.

Then the paper explains short and medium chain fatty acids’ ability to be rapidly converted to energy, focusing on coconut oil’s medium chain fatty acids’ health benefits and rapid conversion to usable energy within a body’s cells, especially restoring proper brain cell metabolism.

This attribute has been a boon for those suffering from Alzheimer’s disease and other neurological diseases, as explained in Health Impact News. (Source)

So what have we induced by going along with the lipid theory embraced by the USDA, FDA, mainstream nutritionists, and the medical profession’s acceptance of blockbuster (high sales revenue) pharmaceutical statin drugs?

The real answer has been more obesity, diabetes, and heart disease with an epidemic surge of neurological diseases, especially those related to dementia.

This study explains a similar impact among those third world or developing nations in West Africa, Southeast Asia, and elsewhere that had embraced consuming and cooking with saturated fats as a staple in their diets for centuries.

Regional Economics Also Adversely Affected

Prior to “Westernizing” their diets somewhat, their low levels of obesity, heart disease, and neurological disorders were areas of curiosity and envy. Now those populations are catching up to American and European non-infectious disease rates.

Also, the fact that most of developing or third world regions used their own edible oils for centuries were now more dependent on importing American and European processed edible oils has destabilized their local food and agricultural economies.

Medium chain triglyceride (MCT) fatty acids that are unheated or chemically untainted, such as virgin palm and coconut oils.

Even the so called “French paradox,” the fact that France’s heart morbidity and obesity was low despite diets rich in saturated fats, was explained away by Western medical media’s assertion that their drinking wine with small traces of heart healthy resveratrol allowed the French to imbibe high fat diets with impunity.

This was mainstream media national news a very few years ago. Never mind that the truth could be too shocking for our food and medical industries to handle. Resveratrol levels from wine are actually insufficient for protecting the heart against any imagined damage from saturated fats, unless one wants to pass out drunk with every meal.

Ignoring the lipid theory despite authority supported dogma will lead to better health for those who wish to cancel their subscription to it. Read and listen to the few medical practitioners who have countered that dogma instead. (Source)

Comment on this article at CoconutOil.com.

See Also:

Sources:

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/27752194?dopt=Abstract

https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC5044790/

http://healthimpactnews.com/2015/coconut-oil-and-other-saturated-fats-are-essential-for-health/

http://healthimpactnews.com/2015/study-soybean-oil-linked-to-obesity-and-diabetes-more-than-coconut-oil-and-fructose/

http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/usda-dietary-guidelines-nutritionist-condemns-coconut-oil/

http://healthimpactnews.com/2014/what-type-of-coconut-oil-is-best-how-to-choose-a-coconut-oil/

http://healthimpactnews.com/2013/is-liquid-coconut-oil-that-stays-liquid-in-your-refrigerator-real-coconut-oil/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24454,"Ambien Zombies, Murder, and Other Disturbing Behavior

By Allison McCabe

TheFix.com

The number one prescription sleep aid is becoming better known for triggering bizarre behavior than it is for treating insomnia.

On March 29, 2009, Robert Stewart, 45, stormed into the Pinelake Health and Rehab nursing home in Carthage, North Carolina and opened fire, killing eight people and wounding two. Stewart’s apparent target was his estranged wife, who worked as a nurse in the home. She hid in a bathroom and was unharmed. Stewart was charged with eight counts of first-degree murder; if convicted, he could face the death penalty. Even though there was evidence that Stewart’s actions were premeditated (he allegedly had a target), Stewart’s defense team successfully argued that since he was under the influence of Ambien, a sleep aid, at the time of the shooting, he was not in control of his actions. Instead of the charges sought by the prosecutors, Stewart was convicted on eight counts of second-degree murder. He received 142 – 179 years in prison.

Ambien, a member of the class of medications known as hypnotics, was approved by the FDA in 1992. It was designed for short term use to combat insomnia and was a welcome change from the prevailing sleep aid at the time, Halcion, which had been implicated in psychosis, suicide, and addiction and had been banned in half a dozen countries. Ambien works by activating the neurotransmitter GABA and binding it to the GABA receptors in the same location as the benzodiazepines such as Xanax and Valium. The extra GABA activity triggered by the drug inhibits the neuron activity that is associated with insomnia. In other words, it slows down the brain. Ambien is extremely effective at initiating sleep, usually working within 20 minutes. It does not, however, have an effect on sustaining sleep unless it is taken in the controlled release form.

After its approval, Ambien quickly rose to dominance in the sleep aid market. Travelers swore by it to combat jet lag, and women, who suffer more insomnia than men, bought it in droves. Sanofi, Ambien’s French manufacturer, made $$2 billion in sales at its peak. In 2007 the generic version of Ambien was released, Zolpidem, and at less than $$2 per pill, it still remains one of the most prescribed drugs in America, outselling popular painkillers like Percocet and prescription strength ibuprofen.

Although the Ambien prescribing information warned, in small print, that medications in the hypnotic class had occasional side effects including sleep walking, “abnormal thinking,” and “strange behavior,” these behaviors were listed as extremely rare, and any anecdotal evidence of “sleep driving,” “sleep eating,” or “sleep shopping”—all behaviors now associated with Ambien blackouts—were characterized as unusual quirks, or attributed to mixing the medication with alcohol. It wasn’t until Patrick Kennedy’s 2006 middle-of-the-night car accident and subsequent explanation to arriving officers that he was running late for a vote that the bizarre side effects of Ambien began to receive national attention. Kennedy claimed that he had taken the sleep aid and had no recollection of the events that night.

Shortly after the Kennedy incident, Ambien users sued Sanofi because of bizarre sleep-eating behaviors while on the drugs. According to Chana Lask, attorney for the class action suit, people were eating things like buttered cigarettes and eggs, complete with the shells, while under the influence of Ambien. Lask called people in this state “Ambien zombies.” As a result of the lawsuit, and of increasing reports coming in about “sleep driving,” the FDA ordered all hypnotics to issue stronger warnings on their labels.

In addition to giving consumers extra information so they could take the medication more carefully, the warning labels also gave legitimacy to the Ambien (or Zombie) defense. In March of 2011, Lindsey Schweigert took one Ambien before getting into bed at 6pm. Hours later, she woke up in custody with no idea how she’d gotten there. In the following weeks, Schweigert pieced together the events of that night. She’d gotten out of bed, drawn a bath, and left the house with her dog. She started driving to a local restaurant but crashed into another car soon after leaving her house. Police described her as swaying and glassy-eyed. She failed a sobriety test and was charged with DWI and running a stoplight.

Schweigert had a job that required a security clearance. She had never been in trouble with the law before and was terrified of losing her job and having a criminal record. Prosecutors initially wanted to impose a six month jail sentence in addition to other punishments, but Schweigert’s lawyer argued that Lindsey’s bizarre behavior on the night in question was a result of a medication which warned right on the label that “After taking AMBIEN, you may get up out of bed while not being fully awake and do an activity that you do not know you are doing. The next morning, you may not remember that you did anything during the night…Reported activities include: driving a car (“sleep-driving”), making and eating food, talking on the phone, having sex, sleep-walking.” In fact, the lawyer argued, Schweigert should have been taken to a hospital, not to jail. Prosecutors dropped the charges and allowed Lindsey to plead to the lesser charge of careless driving, which meant that she could keep her security clearance. Her license was suspended for a year, however, and she had to pay upwards of $$9,000 in legal fees.

As a result of the Schweigert verdict, an attorney successfully used the Ambien defense to overturn a 2006 DWI conviction for a New Jersey woman by arguing that the drug’s labeling had changed six months after his client’s arrest. The court agreed, saying that it would be an “injustice to hold her responsible for the undisclosed side effects of a popular and readily available medication that she was lawfully prescribed and properly administered.”

The Ambien defense was also used in the case of Julie Ann Bronson, a 45-year-old flight attendant from Texas. In April of 2009, Bronson took a couple of Ambien to help her sleep. She had been drinking wine earlier in the day, and went to bed early. She awoke the following morning in jail, still in her pajamas, barefoot and terrified. When she was told that she had run over three people, including an 18-month-old girl who suffered severe brain damage as a result of the wreck, she was horrified. “It was surreal. It was like a bad dream.” In May of 2012, Bronson pleaded guilty to the felonies of intoxication assault and failure to stop and render aid. “I did the crime but I never intended to do it,” she testified. “I wouldn’t hurt a flea. And if I would have hit somebody, I would have stopped and helped. We’re trained in CPR.” Bronson faced ten years, but because of the Ambien defense, she will serve six months in prison and have ten years of probation.

Not all prosecutors will consider the Ambien defense, and its position within established criminal rules is tenuous. It doesn’t really fall under “voluntary intoxication,” in which someone is responsible for his own intoxication and any events that occur as a result of that intoxication. The Ambien defendants knowingly took the drug, but they were not aware that they were drugging themselves in a way that could produce anything other than sleep. Nor does the Ambien defense fit under “involuntary intoxication,” which is when someone commits a crime after being drugged without his knowledge, or has an unpredictable reaction to a prescribed medication. The defendants knowingly took the medication, and the reactions, although surprising, were not unpredictable because they are listed as potential side effects in the prescribing information. Finally, there is the “unconsciousness/sleepwalking” defense, in which the person is not responsible for the crime if he did not intentionally cause the sleepwalking or unconsciousness. The whole motivation for taking Ambien in the first place is presumably to cause unconsciousness so this defense doesn’t really apply either.

Ironically, you are more likely to be successful using the Ambien defense if you injure or kill someone than if you just crash into a parked car or a tree. DWI laws usually just require the prosecution to prove that the defendant was loaded and got into a car to drive. There’s no requirement to show intention. When someone is harmed, however, it is up to the prosecutor to prove that the defendant was aware enough to be guilty of the crime. If people on Ambien are acting in an automatic, or unconscious state, it’s hard to claim that they have knowledge of their actions. That’s why people like Lindsey Schweigert get suspended licenses while Donna Neely, who was sleep-driving on Ambien and killed a mother of 11, was acquitted of vehicular manslaughter.

Not everyone who engages in bizarre behavior as a result of taking Ambien ends up in legal trouble. And some people enjoy the high they get from the drug so much that they are willing to overlook the blackouts and negative consequences that result from their drug use. Most recreational users started out taking the drug to treat insomnia, but found that if they fought the drug’s sleep-inducing effect, they could get really high. “It’s like having that last drink at the bar when you know you should go home — I’d fight the pill’s effects and stay up, often telling my friends insane things like how to turn the light in the room into energy, or how paintings of forest scenes on their walls were actually drawings of mermaids bathing themselves in blood,” writes one young woman whose addiction to Ambien caused increasingly bizarre and alienating behavior. She continued taking the pill and staying awake regularly until one morning she woke up with two black eyes and a cut across her nose. Her pillows were bloody, and there was a stranger, naked and wrapped in a rug, on her floor. Neither she nor the stranger had any recollection of the events of the previous night. That situation, though jarring, was not enough to get her to give up Ambien; the high was too good. She took a break, but was soon back to taking it regularly, filled with rationalizations for her erratic behavior (All 20-somethings take drugs!) It wasn’t until she was found wandering the Brooklyn streets in the middle of the night, nearly naked, that she was able to give it up for good.

Rapper Eminem, whose albums have titles like “Relapse” and “Recovery,” has been open about his battles with prescription drug addiction, including his near overdose on methadone, his relapse, and his eventual detox. He blames Ambien, however, for huge lapses in his memory over five years and an extended period of writer’s block. “…a lot of my memory is gone. I don’t know if you’ve ever taken Ambien, but it’s kind of a memory-eraser. That shit wiped out five years of my life. People will tell me stories, and it’s like, “I did that?” I saw myself doing this thing on [television network] BET recently, and I was like, “When was that?”” Eminem has kept some of his writing from that period, admitting to Rolling Stone that “It fucking creeps me out…Letters all down the page – it was like my hand weighed 400 pounds. I have all that shit in a box in my closet. As a reminder that I don’t ever want to go back.”

Ambien is an effective sleep aid and a huge money maker for its manufacturer. Most people take it as prescribed and treat their insomnia successfully with no problems. But the problems that do occur with the drug are often extreme and tragic, and they seem to be increasing. (These cases only scratch the surface – currently a man in Northern California is using the Ambien defense to fight a charge of second degree sexual abuse of a minor and third degree sexual abuse of a minor. He allegedly molested a 10-year-old girl in April of 2012. He has no recollection of the alleged molestation and a polygraph test supports his claim. His court case is set for March. There is also a whole website, Ambien Outrage, dedicated to making “the public aware of the dangers of Ambien, Ambien CR and Zolpidem.” Additionally it maintains a database of “victims of Ambien,” those people who have either been harmed or killed by people on Ambien, or who have themselves committed bizarre acts while on Ambien.)

In May of last year, the FDA acted again to change the labeling on Ambien, this time lowering the recommended dose and warning people who take the controlled release version that they “should not drive or engage in other activities that require complete mental alertness the day after taking the drug because zolpidem levels can remain high enough the next day to impair these activities.” If the whole idea of taking a sleep aid is to treat insomnia so that you can function more effectively during the day, being instructed to avoid driving and other activities that require mental alertness seems to defeat the purpose of taking the drug in the first place.

The DEA categorizes drugs according to their potential for abuse and addiction. Schedule I drugs are the most likely to be abused, and Schedule V drugs have the least potential for abuse or addiction. Ambien is a schedule IV drug, and can be prescribed and refilled without restriction. Some toxicologists, such as Janci Lindsay, believe that many Ambien-related tragedies would be avoided if the drug were upgraded to Schedule II, a category that includes controlled substances such as Ritalin and Oxycontin. Other countries, such as Australia, Taiwan, and Japan, have all issued special warnings about Ambien and have begun regulating the drug more carefully ever since reports started surfacing about “potentially dangerous” Ambien-induced behaviors.

Julie Ann Bronson took ambien and then later got out of bed and got behind the wheel in a blackout. She ended up running over people and causing a baby to have severe brain damage. Lindsey Schweigert also got out of bed, unconscious, and engaged in bizarre behavior before crashing her car. Even in the wake of these and other tragedies, Sanofi still maintains that “When taken as prescribed, Ambien is a safe and effective treatment for insomnia.” Sanofi also points out that the prescribing literature warns patients not to drive or to get out of bed after taking the medication.

Just think: If only Julie, Lindsey, and countless others had followed Sanofi’s instructions and not gotten out of bed, all these tragedies could have been prevented!

Read the full article here: http://www.thefix.com/content/ambien-zombies-murder-and-other-disturbing-behavior

The Road Back

How to Get Off Psychoactive Drugs Safely

By James Harper

Free Shipping Available for this book!

Learn More



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17320,"by Dr. Mercola

Low levels of vitamin D, the essential nutrient obtained from exposure to sunlight, doubles the risk of stroke in Caucasians, according to a new report. Stroke is the third leading cause of death in the United States.

The research team says its results fail to explain why African Americans, who are more likely […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32302,"Health Impact News

The VAXXED film crew was recently in California interviewing people about their experiences with vaccines.

They interviewed Michelle Snyder and her daughter Ashley about the Gardasil vaccine.

The mother had reservations about the Gardasil vaccine, but doctors said it was fine. She has five daughters, and began to make plans to have them vaccinated with Gardasil.

After the first shot, her 12 year old daughter came in from playing and said her legs “weren’t working.” She had been a dancer since age 4.

The next morning, she could not even walk.

The mom called for help, and was told it sounded like “ascending paralysis” or Guillain-Barré Syndrome (GBS).

By the time they got her to a hospital, she could not even swallow, requiring them to insert a feeding tube into her.

Listen to the entire interview:

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here!

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24476,"by Alliance for Natural Health

The agency defied its own panel’s recommendation against approval because slight benefit is not worth the risk of suicide (and, we might add, addiction).

The FDA has approved the first non-hormonal treatment for hot flashes associated with menopause. The drug is paroxetine mesylate (marketed as Brisdelle). Paroxetine, an SSRI, is the active ingredient in two drugs for depression and other psychiatric disorders, Paxil and Pexeva. Both drugs contain higher doses of paroxetine than the version for hot flashes. The agency’s press release said studies of the drug showed that Brisdelle “reduced hot flashes compared to placebo,” though “the mechanism by which Brisdelle reduces hot flashes is unknown.”

What the press release fails to mention is that the FDA’s Reproductive Health Drugs Advisory Committee voted 10 to 4 that the overall risk-benefit profile of the drug did notsupport approval—that the benefits over placebo were “minimal,” and that all of the severe side effects associated with SSRIs, such as suicidal thoughts and osteoporosis, outweigh the minor benefits.

The drug’s label features a boxed warning about the increased risk for thoughts of suicide. The label also warns clinicians that it can reduce the effectiveness of the breast cancer drug tamoxifen if taken together, increase the risk for bleeding, and comes with the risk for serotonin syndrome. Fatigue, nausea, and dizziness were the most common side effects. In the 24-week study, there were three cases of suicidal ideation and one suicide attempt among those on paroxetine, all after 12 weeks of treatment. One woman died while on Brisdelle but, according to the company, the death not considered to be related to the drug. Are the risks of taking an SSRI worth it for such an uncomfortable but temporary condition as hot flashes? Especially when we know that these drugs can also be addictive?

It’s highly unusual for the FDA to go against one of its panel’s recommendations, and the agency gave no explanation as to why they did so in this case. We note, however, that 24 million women suffer from hot flashes, and two-thirds of them currently do nothing to treat the condition. This means that the potential untapped market is huge. And FDA seems eager to do the bidding of the pharmaceutical companies.

The reasoning behind taking a non-hormone treatment for hot flashes is to reduce the risk of breast cancer. But this risk has only been studied for synthetic hormone replacement therapy. Bioidentical hormones produced naturally by the body do not involve the same risks—which is why protecting our access to compounded versions of the hormones is so important (as we discussed in our article on the dangerous compounding bill before Congress). Bioidentical estriol does not have known side effects associated with it, while the synthetic versions do.

Besides bioidentical estriol, there are other natural treatments for hot flashes. Dr. Joseph A. Mercola recommends the following:

Losing weight (overweight women are far more likely to get hot flashes) with regular exercise and a balanced, lower-carbohydrate diet;

Reducing stress;

Consuming natural phytoestrogens, which are found in plants like licorice, fermented soybeans, alfalfa, and many others (particularly helpful if they form part of a woman’s diet before menopause);

Acupuncture, which is very successful at combating hot flashes and other menopausal symptoms; and

Supplementing with black cohosh, an herb that is nearly as effective as estrogen at treating hot flashes, and is also useful in managing the mood swings and irritability that may accompany menopause.

We have wonderful natural treatments available, including bioidentical estriol. An agency that willfully defies its own experts and approves a dangerous drug on which women have already felt like committing suicide—one that is only a minimal improvement over a placebo—is an agency that dances to Big Pharma’s tune.

Read the full article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/fda-approves-a-dangerous-new-antidepressant-for-hot-flashes/

Free Shipping Available for this book!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47193,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News

Another study has confirmed that statin drug use increases one’s chance of developing diabetes. Statin drugs are the all-time leading prescription drugs sold in the U.S. and around the world, prescribed by doctors to lower people’s cholesterol levels. It is estimated that one out of every 4 people in the United States over the age of 50 is currently taking statin drugs for cholesterol.

This current study just published looked at 26,000 beneficiaries of Tricare, the military health system. They found that those taking statin drugs to control their cholesterol were 87 percent more likely to develop diabetes. The study was published in the Journal of General Internal Medicine.

This is just the latest study to link statin drugs to diabetes, especially in women. Studies published in 2014 caused over 2000 lawsuits to be filed against Pfizer, the maker of the best-selling drug of all-time, Lipitor. (See: Lawsuits Against Pfizer for Lipitor Could Reach 10,000.)

Diabetes is just one known side effect from statin drugs. After Lipitor’s patent expired at the end of 2011, the FDA issued its first warnings against statin drugs, which include: liver injury, memory loss, diabetes, and muscle damage.

Cholesterol-lowering statin drugs are a $$100 billion a year industry. Lipitor is by far the most profitable drug in the history of mankind. It was also the most profitable cholesterol drug before its patent expired at the end of 2011. Sales to date from this one particular brand of cholesterol-lowering statin drug have exceeded $$140 billion.

Lipitor benefited from the change in marketing laws in 1997 that allowed pharmaceutical companies in the U.S. to advertise their products directly to consumers. Pfizer convinced an entire generation of Americans that they needed a pill to lower their cholesterol in order to prevent heart disease, in what will go down as one of the most brilliant and unethical marketing schemes of all time.

While the side effects are a serious concern, there are also concerns that statin drugs have no therapeutic value either. Studies have never conclusively proven that lowering one’s cholesterol levels by medication increases one’s life span. In fact, there is evidence to the contrary, that higher cholesterol levels are associated with longer life spans. (See: Statin Scam: People with Higher Cholesterol Live Longer than People with Low Cholesterol.)

Another study published earlier this year (2015) actually showed that statin drugs caused an increase of coronary calcium levels, which can lead to an increase in heart disease, the very thing statin drugs are supposed to be preventing! (See: Study: Cholesterol-lowering Statin Drugs Worsen Coronary Calcium Tests.)

Free Shipping Available!

Fat and Cholesterol are Good for You!

What REALLY Causes Heart Disease

by Uffe Ravnskov, MD, PhD

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24791,"It's long been known that calorie restriction can increase the lifespan of certain animals. More recent research suggests that intermittent fasting can provide the same health benefits as constant calorie restriction, which may be helpful for those who cannot successfully reduce their everyday calorie intake. Both intermittent fasting and continuous calorie restriction have been shown to produce weight loss and improve metabolic disease risk markers. However, intermittent fasting tends to be slightly more effective for reducing insulin resistance.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32979,"This time of year brings fermented sauerkraut, fermented dill pickles tucked into the pantry, and even fermented fruits. While fruit fermentation is generally consumed shortly after fermentation, unless alcohol fermentation is desired, there is every reason to take advantage of the seasonal abundance. Fermenting fruit can prove a bit more complicated than vegetables, due to their higher sugar content. But so long as a few principles are adhered to, the process is just as simple as the lacto-fermentation of vegetables. Raw fruits are, of course, a wonderful food all on their own. So, why ferment them? Well, a few benefits can be added through fermentation, not the least of which is the boost in beneficial bacteria. Fermentation also creates a complex flavor through its lactic acid tang which compliments many dishes. Not to mention the fact that you can add one more fermented food to your day’s meals and both old and young are particularly fond of sweet, tart fruit ferments.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47384,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

When discussing the impact of genetically modified crops, what is seldom mentioned is the economic impact of introducing GMO crops. While the science behind GMOs can certainly be debated, the economic impact is not debatable, but a reality.

Earlier this year (2013), we published an article from the Alliance for Natural Health (ANH) titled: Lack of GMO Labeling is Reducing our Exports and Costing the U.S. Jobs. Regardless of what the science says, the fact is that consumers overwhelmingly do not want to consume GMO foods. 69% of the world’s population live in countries that label and restrict GMO foods. So every time the United States approves another GMO product, which has been shown to NOT be controllable in the environment, inevitably cross-pollinating with non-GMO seeds, we drastically restrict our export market to our trading partners that refuse to import GMO products.

ANH published a graph demonstrating how this works:

In a report just published in The Modern Farmer, Jesse Hirsch documents the development and economic impact of GMO papayas in Hawaii. While the GM papaya was developed to solve a problem (diseases in papayas that were destroying crops), the unintended result was that Hawaii’s largest customer purchasing Hawaiian papayas, Japan, refused to buy them once they were genetically modified, reducing the market by 80%.

Papaya in the Crosshairs: A Heated Island Battle Over GMOs

by Jesse Hirsch

Modern Farmer

Excerpts:

For much of the last century, Hawaii’s papaya was a posh global delicacy. Exports boomed, especially to nearby Japan, where the fruit was cherished as a special-occasion gift. But in the mid ’90s, a scourge hit the Big Island — ringspot virus. It savaged papayas at a brisk clip, withering trees and poxing the fruit with nasty, ring-shaped spots.

Enter Dennis Gonsalves. Gonsalves is an island-born, Cornell-educated plant pathologist. And depending who you ask, he either rescued or ruined the Big Island’s papaya industry.

During the ringspot crisis, Gonsalves spent years working on a GM solution. He figured out how to insert a bit of the ringspot virus into papaya genetic material (analogous to flu vaccines that contain a few flu germs). In 1998, he introduced the Rainbow Papaya to the market, which proved invulnerable to ringspot attacks.

This past April, the Big Island introduced legislation to forbid new biotech research and GM crops. After many torturous months of public debate, the bill was signed into law this month. Gonsalves had a hard fall from grace.

“Anytime I’d get up to talk at meetings, people booed me,” he says. “These women, from Babes Against Biotech, they followed me with a camera right in my face, saying ‘There is Dennis Gonsalves, the bad man who invent GMOs.’”

Gonsalves credits the anger to misplaced big-ag fears, a knee-jerk reaction against frankenfoods and Monsanto. The full history, though, is more complex.

When Rainbow Papayas were first grown, great efforts were made to keep them segregated from their conventional cousins. But over the years, pollen drift set in. Testing of supposedly organic papayas turned up prevalent GM material. Senator Ruderman says most organic papaya farmers threw in the towel.

This was a costly development. Japan, famously leery of GM agriculture, stopped importing all Hawaiian papayas. Big Island papayas started topping global do-not-buy lists. Gonsalves had rescued the papaya from disease — but at what cost?

“I guess (Gonsalves) saved the industry, sort of,” says Ruderman. “Our papaya sales dropped to one fifth of what they were, and we closed the door on our most lucrative export markets. Would you call that saving?”

Read the Full Article Here.

Free Shipping Available for this book on sustainable gardening!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47165,"By Orissa Mora-Kent

Health Impact News

Coffee beans aren’t only invigorating as a beverage, they’re also revitalizing when used as a body scrub! Repurposed coffee grounds could become the best part of your morning routine. Trust me, once you try this you’ll have no trouble at all rousing yourself out of bed in the morning.

Imagine stepping into a steaming hot shower, and literally scrubbing away the sleep and slumber with fragrant ground coffee, silky coconut oil, and pure essential oils!

You’ll leave the shower feeling so energized, and with that lovely, natural glow – people will ask where you’re hiding the fountain of youth!

Love Your Skin, Your Life and Your Wallet

Consider the benefits of improved circulation, smooth + hydrated skin, and positively looking like you woke up ready to take on the world with that fresh, bright face of yours.

Unfortunately, not everyone is making the best choices regarding their skin care routine. The trend toward convenience for too long has brought many people to the store to meet their skin care needs, and that’s been at a cost that won’t be showing up on any receipt!

Why Choose DIY?

DIY projects are not only fun, economical and yes, often healthier than their buy-it-yourself counterparts, they’re also a creative way to encourage friends and family toward a lifestyle that doesn’t sacrifice conscience for convenience.

Do it yourself, for health!

Consider what Dr. Mercola has to say in regard to bath and shower products:

“If I were to tell you that your shower and bath products could be putting you at risk for less-than-optimal skin and eye health, immune and endocrine function, would you pay a little more attention to your products’ ingredients? Did you know that applying a substance to your skin isn’t much different from eating it? In fact, I believe it may be even worse. And let’s not forget… a hot steaming shower… Opens your skin pores

your skin pores Drives a high absorption rate of chemicals directly into your system

a high absorption rate of chemicals directly into your system Vaporizes 70 to 90% of the chemicals present so you inhale them into your lungs When you consider that products such as shower gels and soaps may be used daily, you can imagine the chemical residue that may build up over the years. (Source: http://bathcare.mercola.com/ [2])

Essentially, it’s safe to say that if it’s not something you would eat, it is best not to put it on your skin.

With that in mind, it’s totally safe to say that you can feel good about what’s in this recipe for a scrumptious and healthy body scrub!

That’s the beauty of making things yourself – you know exactly what went into it – not to mention it’s economical which also ought to make your skin glow!

How to make personalized coffee & coconut body scrubs

2 cups organic coffee grounds

1 cup organic virgin coconut oil

10-15 drops of your favorite essential oil

muffin tin

Using a nut milk bag, or other fine strainer, squeeze out all of the excess moisture from 2 cups of used coffee grounds.

On the stove top, melt 1 cup virgin coconut oil.

In a medium bowl combine melted coconut oil, coffee grounds and essential oil of your choice (for this recipe I used Orange essential oil and also organic vanilla extract). Mix well and then spoon into muffin tins, almost to top.

Freeze, pop out of the tins, and then store in an airtight container in the freezer until ready to use. Each muffin size body scrub is good for one use in the shower or bath.

If there is concern about coffee grounds going down the drain, a drain screen could be used to catch the grounds for composting or disposal.

Soft, Healthy Skin for Summer

Next time you hop in the shower, use one of these scrubs for a luxurious, spa-like experience!

The heat in the shower will quickly melt the coconut oil and you’ll find it easy to scrub the oily, naturally scented grounds all over your body for a gentle, exfoliating, moisturizing and invigorating micro-massage that leaves you feeling amazing, and proud of the skin you’re in!

Comment on this article at CoconutOil.com [3]

[4]

[5]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23756,"by Tim Bolen

Bolen Report

This article is a direct follow-up to an article I wrote October 4th, 2011 titled “The CDC Has Known All Along How Dangerous Vaccines Are – And Has Covered It Up… (Part One) [1]” where I explained about Brian Hooker PhD’s lawsuit against the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for withholding public information he, and every American citizen, is entitled to under the US Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA). Brian Hooker has been investigating the five so-called “studies” the CDC claims prove that Thimerosal in vaccines does not cause Autism nor neurological disorders.

Today I will tell you the CDC’s formal response. The title of this article pretty well sums up the CDC position. Will they get away with this? Nope. Keep reading.

Laying the groundwork…

First, let me tell you about Julie Gerberding [2], the head of the CDC from 2002 through 2009. She was running things at CDC when Brian Hooker PhD began making his FOIA requests – and was being stonewalled. She was there for seven years.

President Obama fired her as head of CDC in early 2009. Within just a few weeks Gerberding went from that $$250,000 per year CDC salary to become the president of Merck’s Vaccine Division at an estimated salary of $$2,500,000 per year.

Nice, huh? Gets fired – three weeks later gets a job that pays ten (10) times what she made in the government. (squint your eyes, and wrinkle your nose here – as though there was a bad smell suddenly in the room.).

Gerberding came to CDC in 2002, and as stated in the Wikipedia article [2] I already mentioned:

“Soon after her arrival at the CDC, Gerberding began an overhaul of the agency’s organizational structure. On April 21, 2005 Gerberding formally announced the reorganization of CDC to “confront the challenges of 21st-century health threats”.[1] [3] This reorganization resulted in the following structure:[2] [4]

After the restructuring began, many of the CDC’s senior scientists and leaders either left or announced plans to leave.[3] [23]“

Let me state that last phrase in the quote once again – for emphasis:

After the restructuring began, many of the CDC’s senior scientists and leaders either left or announced plans to leave.[3] [23]“

When you look carefully at Gerberding’s restructuring, it looks to me, like virtually every restructured sub agency had everything to do with PROMOTING VACCINES; selling the idea of vaccines, coordinating vaccines, keeping public records of vaccines, getting money from other agencies to buy vaccines and distribute them, etc.

It doesn’t surprise me a bit that Merck found her services valuable, and was willing to pay her for those services – after the fact. Merck, according to an article in Xconomy.com [24]:

“Julie Gerberding [2], the former director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, has been in one of those rare positions for about the past 18 months as president [25] of Merck’s vaccine unit. At Merck (NYSE: MRK [26]), she has been learning the ins and outs of a $$5-billion-a-year operation that makes 14 of the 17 vaccines the CDC recommends for children, and nine of the 10 recommended for adults.”

Get the picture?

So, Why Is This Important?

Brian Hooker PhD began making his FOIA request of Gerberding’s agency in 2004, right when Gerberding was to establish her big vaccine over-push, called a re-structuring, mentioned above. Revealing embarrassing information, like the fact that VACCINES WERE EXTREMELY DANGEROUS, the fact that the CDC knew that, and covered those facts up right about then, would not have played well with the so-called restructuring.

So, no one would be surprised, if that info was illegally withheld, now would they?

Which brings us to today…

The CDC finally filed their paperwork in the Hooker v CDC case. In short, they simply reiterate their claim that they do not have to give anybody, FOIA request or not, any information they don’t want seen, and they claim several different reasons why that is so – none of which will stand up under judicial examination. It is just another stall. I will show you some excerpts below, and link you to their filing.

The information Hooker seeks is in regard to the email discussions about those so-called “Studies” that claim to prove no relationship between Thimerosal in vaccines and Autism. What Hooker already has is damning, and the rest, it is easy to assume, is even more so.

It is obvious to me, with even a cursory glance at the documents already available, that certain employees at the CDC were soliciting a fake outcome, and there were consultants out in the world (outside the US) who were telling them how they could, for a significant fee, deliver that outcome.

The trouble with all that is if what we think happened, actually happened, then what they did was CRIMINAL ACTIVITY, involving the death and suffering of millions of children and their families.

So, it is no surprise to me, that the current CDC would continue to attempt to hide the information they have. I don’t happen to think the court system will let them get away with it though. Criminal indictments of CDC employees involved in Hooker’s search, past or present, would effectively end the CDC.

The first group of excerpts I am going to show you involve the authors of the first study (Danish Study) manuscripts themselves. The one of interest to us, primarily, is Poul Thorsen, who as you may remember, had been indicted in the US for fraud [27] and money laundering. In essence, the CDC is claiming that no American citizen has any right to ask any questions about Poul Thorsen’s activities at and with the CDC. Of real interest is the third paragraph down, where the CDC claims that “There is no public interest in … Poul Thorsen’s personal life.” (laugh here). See below:

15. The correspondence withheld or redacted under Exemption 5 were among CDC employees and Poul Thorsen, Kreesten Madsen, Marlene Lauritsen, and Preben Mortensen. These four individuals were authors of a manuscript entitled “Thimerosal and the Occurrence of Autism: Negative Ecological Evidence From Danish Population-Based Data.” Id. ¶ 23. CDC collaborated with the authors of this manuscript and, therefore, the authors were considered

temporary consultants to the CDC. Id.

17. The CDC redacted the mobile phone number of Kreesten Madsen and comments regarding Poul Thorsen’s personal life pursuant to Exemption 6. Id. ¶ 25.

20. There is no public interest in Kreesten Madsen’s mobile phone number or Poul Thorsen’s personal life. Id. As the privacy interests outweigh any public interest in disclosure, release of this information would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. Id.

Then there is this below, where the CDC makes up some new rule applications for their own benefit:

Comments submitted by outside reviewers are also pre-decisional and deliberative. Comments submitted by reviewers “are used by the CDC to determine whether to seek publication of a manuscript and provide guidance with respect to revision of the manuscript.” Maloney Decl. ¶42. These comments do not reflect the settled decisions of the Agency as to what information should be included in the final documents and are thus predecisional and deliberative.

Because the copyrighted materials that were voluntarily submitted are confidential and would cause harm if released, CDC properly withheld the copyrighted materials.

18. In asserting Exemption 6, each piece of information was scrutinized to determine the nature and strength of the privacy interest of any individual whose name or identifying information appeared in the documents at issue. In each instance where information was withheld, the individual had a privacy interest in the information being withheld pursuant to Exemption 6.

Will any of this work? No.

Why not? Because this sort of tactic is common in court cases, and there are simple remedies the Plaintiff can activate. The simplest of these is a legal device that in essence, says: “show us the documents and we will review them ourselves to see if you are correct. We will agree to hold them confidential while we are looking at them. However, if we find you are wrong…”

Judges, too, can demand the documents and look at them themselves, or with their assistants.

It’s just a matter of time.

Stay tuned…

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.bolenreport.com/Geier/CDC%20Arrogance.htm [28]

Vaccine Epidemic

How Corporate Greed, Biased Science, and Coercive Government Threaten Our Human Rights, Our Health, and Our Children

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

[29]

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info [29]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43964,"by Tim Bolen

Bolen Report

The “Danish Study” has been used as the foundation of the vaccine industry’s claim that “there is no relationship between vaccines and Autism.”

But, its author, Danish researcher Poul Thorsen, last year, was indicted for fraud over the study, and an arrest warrant was issued. Thorsen is now in hiding.

It is common knowledge that the pharmaceutical industry promotes a severely increased vaccine schedule, not only for children, but for everyone, sometimes even, trying for laws making vaccines mandatory. Why? Because most of their major drug patents are running out, so the massive flow of money is slowing to a trickle. More vaccines seem to be the profitable answer.

But, as everyone is also realizing, with the increased schedule came a comparable wave of significant health problems. One in six children since the increase, now have neurological issues. One in eighty-eight children now have Autism.

But the vaccine construction, a combination of the vaccine industry, and the federal and state bureaucratic entity that supports it, rail against any suggestion that vaccines are responsible. That conflict, between parents of these children and their networks and the vaccine construction, rages across not just the US, but all over Planet Earth.

So, what exactly is the “Danish Study?”

In the year 2000 the lid was blown off the argument when a transcript of a secret vaccine construction meeting at Simpsonwood was released to the public. The Simpsonwood meeting documents show, very clearly, that the vaccine construction knew about the problems of Thimerosal, the preservative in vaccines, and decided on a policy of covering up that information. Their reasons? They said that if people knew about those problems they would not vaccinate their children because they would lose confidence in the vaccine industry. So, the vaccine construction had the US Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) organize some studies on the Thimerosal issue. The CDC used a Danish researcher named Poul Thorsen to assemble, hire researchers, and monitor a study, since called the “Danish Study,” on this subject- which has, since, become, itself, a huge controversy.

Once again – The “Danish Study” has been used as the foundation of the vaccine industry’s claim that “there is no relationship between vaccines and Autism.”

Let’s make a few things very clear – The world-wide vaccine industry’s ENTIRE safety argument regarding Thimerosal (mercury), as a preservative in vaccines, rests on the validity of this one “Danish Study.” Danish researcher Poul Thorsen was the rainmaker, and organizer of that study, and the study right after that. The US Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) was the funder. The CDC actually funded five separate studies – each succeeding study building on the first “Danish Study,” depending on the “Danish Study’s” validity.

And that’s the problem. A recent US federal court indictment of Poul Thorsen shows that Thorsen diverted two million out of the total eight million dollars of the “Danish Study” funding elsewhere – one million to himself, and the other million has not yet been found.

This, of course, throws a pall on the study itself, and the institutions and researchers involved. More, it brings in the question of supervision of the study by the funding agency the CDC. Why? Because the CDC did not find the money diversion. Someone else did. More, the question needs to be asked“Did people at the CDC get the other million that disappeared?” Why do I ask that question? Keep reading and you’ll soon see why.

There is a huge scandal here…

In short, long before Poul Thorsen was indicted for fraud, over the missing two million, independent researchers were questioning the validity of the first five studies, very carefully. One of those researchers, Brian Hooker PhD, was relentless in his search for information. So relentless that the CDC began to stonewall his Freedom of Information (FOIA) requests. I have written five articles on Hooker’s war with the CDC. They are very revealing and summarize a history, at the CDC, of the employees of a federal agency virtually spitting on the American people, openly violating any law they wish to ignore. You can find those articles by clicking on the numbers just behind the title “The CDC Has Known All Along How Dangerous Vaccines Are – And Has Covered It Up… (Part One), (Part Two), (Part Three), (Part Four), and (Part Five).

But that point is just the lead-up for where this article is heading. There is something else going on here behind the scenes I am about to reveal – how it is that Poul Thorsen actually got caught. In short, the Autism World banded together and went after him – and they got him. I’ll show you how it was done, and who did it. Congratulate them, personally, the next time you have an opportunity..

The move was brilliant. And thorough.

Here is how they did it…

On September 15th, 2010 a letter was signed and sent to Daniel R. Levinson, Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services in Washington DC. It was on CoMeD Inc stationery and signed by the Reverend Lisa K. Sykes, President of CoMeD Inc., and had twenty-six supporting agencies. The link to the letter is above, highlighted in blue.

In short, in the sixteen (16) page letter the complainants carefully outlined the case against Thorsen and the CDC. An excerpt:

More serious, however, is the on-going failure of the US government, specifically the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services (Secretary, HHS) and the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which reports to the Secretary, to properly regulate the drug industry, which continues its illegal use of poisonous mercury compounds in the manufacture of drugs, especially vaccines.

Despite substantiated allegations that US national health agencies, including but not limited to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), have been compromised by egregious conflict-of-interest, the Office of Investigations for the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS-OIG),

by its inaction in the face of this urgent public health crisis, is now party to this greatest of federal failures.

Your failure to act has permitted, and still permits, the ongoing administration of Thimerosal-preserved vaccines to the population without the required proof of safety or the opportunity of informed consent, in violation of American law.

The unnecessary and systematic injection of mercury, in the form of Thimerosal (49.6% mercury by weight) dubiously used as a ‘preservative’, into children and pregnant women represents one of the greatest catastrophes facing our nation, far exceeding those already publicized by the media.

With more than:

One in every six children now diagnosed with a behavioral and/or developmental disorder,

25% of our children currently suffering one or more persistent chronic illnesses, and

One in every 70 boys now diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder,

the federal failure to lawfully regulate this industry has allowed mercury to compromise the minds of children just as it has permitted greed to compromise the economy and oil to compromise the Gulf of Mexico.

Using the National Immunization Program of this nation to administer unsafe, unnecessary and undisclosed mercury to American citizens is unjustifiable, damaging and criminal.

Investigations by HHS-OIG have already substantiated the validity of allegations regarding ‘conflict of interest and Thimerosal’ made to the Office of Special Counsel (OSC) in 2004 by fifteen families with mercury-toxic children.

Furthermore, in a December of 2009 report published by HHS-OIG (under the direction of Daniel R. Levinson), “CDC’s Ethics Program for Special Government Employees on Federal Advisory Committees,” your agency determined that: numerous serious conflict-of-interests, lack of ethics training, and failure to complete appropriate ethics paperwork, were common among CDC-associated special Government employees.

Despite the established credibility of these allegations, and a call for Congressional Investigations by OSC into Thimerosal, neither HHS-OIG nor any other government agency has taken any action so as to protect the public health from the ravages of this known poison, neurotoxin, developmental toxin, carcinogen, mutagen, teratogen, and immune-system disruptor.

Based upon new information, enclosed with this letter, we add a tenth allegation to the nine previously submitted to HHS-OIG: the illegal presence of mercury in FDA-approved medicines, especially vaccines, is being defended by apparently fraudulent studies.

Criminal investigations now ongoing in Denmark reveal key ‘independent’ studies, purportedly showing mercury does not cause autism, were, in some cases, financially and ethically compromised by our own national health agencies.

For example, the CDC assisted in the design, data manipulation, review and publication of these studies.

The resulting and seemingly biased epidemiological studies cannot prove safety or establish the current levels of mercury in vaccines as “safe.”

Moreover, the original datasets have been “lost” or withheld from independent review so that even the published findings cannot be confirmed, much less properly reviewed.

Nonetheless, the FDA and other national health agencies and authorities repeatedly cite these studies in their sanctioning of the ongoing use of mercury in medicine.

One such authority, a 2004 Institute of Medicine committee report, which purportedly exonerated vaccine-derived Thimerosal as a cause of autism in its landmark decision, relied heavily upon these non-reviewable, and, in most cases, provably biased and probably fraudulent epidemiological studies.

Additionally, the apparent embezzlement of approximately 2 million US dollars and serious professional misconduct:

“The Danish Agency for Science, Technology and Innovation (DASTI) has been a grant recipient as part of a cooperative agreement with the US National Center for Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities, CDC, since 2001. The grant has been administered by Odense University Hospital and Aarhus University (AU) under the direction of Dr. Poul Thorsen. The grant has multiple components and involves collaborators at other institutions in Denmark, including the University of Copenhagen and SSI (Statens Serum Institut) … Unfortunately, a considerable shortfall in funding at Aarhus University associated with the CDC grant was discovered. In investigating the shortfalls associated with the grant, DASTI and Aarhus University became aware of two alleged CDC funding documents as well as letter regarding funding commitments allegedly written by Randolph B. Williams of CDC’s Procurement Grants Office which was used to secure advances from Aarhus University. Upon investigation by CDC, a suspicion arose that the documents are forgeries. DASTI conducted an internal investigation of the authenticity of the documents and have filed a police report…A police investigation is ongoing.”

and serious academic misconduct:

“Aarhus University wishes to confirm that Dr Poul Thorsen no longer has any connection to Aarhus University, and that Aarhus University will not be able to collaborate with Poul Thorsen in the future” (see Footnote 2). by one of the key researchers involved in Scandinavian epidemiological studies3, Dr. Poul Thorsen, calls the validity of these studies into question.

There was a lot more. You can read the whole thing, including the Exhibits, and the list of Supporters, here.

What effect the letter had…

Poul Thorsen, and the CDC funding process for Thorsen’s studies, got investigated. That’s what Inspector Generals do.

Autism parents feel that it becomes obvious that the CDC got what it paid for when they contracted with Poul Thorsen to manufacture a fake study showing that Thimerosal in vaccines was perfectly safe, and that there was no relationship, he said, between vaccines and Autism.

In Poul Thorsen, many say, the CDC bought a high level fraud artist, to produce a high level fraudulent study – which he did. So, why would the CDC be surprised, you might ask, when that same Thorsen defrauded THEM out of a million dollars he funneled to himself through fake billings, transferred to a bank account he made appear to be a CDC account, but was actually his?

The real question here is “Did Thorsen actually defraud the CDC, or was top CDC management part of a conspiracy to funnel money to Thorsen, and his co-conspirators, for their dirty work.” This article asks that question. And, where is the other million?

I will show you why I ask that. I have very good reason.

Poul Thorsen – Number One of America’s “Ten Most Wanted…”

Gary Cantrell, Deputy Inspector General For Investigations, Office of the Inspector General, US Department of Health and Human Services (OIG-DHHS) tells it like it is.

Before we begin this journey through the world of deceit and cover-up over Thimerosal in vaccines, with all of the horror it has caused (one in six US children now have a neurological disorder), let’s listen to a one minute and 26 second video, just above, featuring Gary Cantrell, Deputy Inspector General For Investigations, Office of the Inspector General, US Department of Health and Human Services (OIG-DHHS).

When you are done with that click on the link to go to the OIG-DHHS page of “OIG Most Wanted Fugitives.” There, you will find, as Number One in the list of the Top Ten that same Poul Thorsen, the author of what was known as the “Danish Study.”

As you can see, Poul Thorsen, is not well regarded by the US DHHS. In April 2011, Thorsen was indicted on 22 counts of Wire Fraud and Money Laundering, and a warrant has been issued for his arrest. According to the DHHS website, Thorsen is in hiding.

But, is he?

The CDC management seems to know exactly where he is because they keep sending him money. Lots of it.

Why do I think that?

For two reasons:

(1) Poul Thorsen is named as an author in nineteen (19) studies published since his indictment, all of which appear to be funded directly, or indirectly, by the CDC. Go here.

(2) The Danish news media Moderne Tider did an expose on Thorsen, his financial manipulations, and his friends. Funny, but the US media never wrote anything about it (sarcasm intended). Click here to see the article in the original Danish. Click here to see the entire English translation.

I guess it is pretty easy to be “on the run” when a US agency is wire transferring constant money to your bank accounts.

More, the story in Moderne Tider tells it all, from the viewpoint of those that Thorsen left stranded in Denmark. Thorsen bragged about being “connected.”

It’s been a year-and-a-half since Poul Thorsen was indicted, and an arrest warrant issued.



One more thing…

Poul Thorsen was federally indicted on April 13th, 2011. Fourteen days later, on April 27th, 2011 Mark Geier MD, the primary funding source for CoMeD Inc, had his medical license “Summarily Suspended,” in Maryland, in such a way as to suspend his license in all ten other States he was licensed in.. Read that story here.

So, the last question is obvious. Besides Thorsen, who else at the CDC do we need to federally indict, and clamp into a federal prison – never to come back out?

Stay tuned.

Read the full article here: http://www.bolenreport.com/Mark%20Geier/poulson.htm



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17342,"The reason we need omega-3 is because 95 percent of your cells’ membranes are made of fat. Without fats such as omega-3, your cells cannot function properly.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23810,"Health Impact News Editor Comments: After reading about the nurses who lost their jobs in Indiana, Sarah Peterson came forward and told us her story of losing her job in Idaho for also refusing to accept mandatory vaccination for the flu shot. Sarah comments that she believes one of the reasons medical facilities are forcing vaccinations are a requirement for employment, in spite of negative media exposure, is “to meet the guidelines set forth to reach 90% vaccination of all health care workers to get their medicare and medicaid reimbursement.”

I wonder if this is one of the new provisions tied into “Obamacare?” If anyone has more information about this, please contact us.

by Sarah Peterson

I’m in Idaho. Here is my story.

I never really understood what the term, “forced resignation”, meant until I was forced to resign from my position at Kootenai Behavioral Health (KBH).

My name is Sarah and I am a Mental Health Specialist that up until Friday, December 7th, 2012, at 3:30pm, I had worked at KBH for 17 ½ years. KBH notified its staff that it would be implementing a mandatory flu vaccination policy. Staff were given the choice to vaccinate or wear a mask for the entire flu season (which is anywhere from Oct. to April as declared by the health department). If not willing to vaccinate, staff would be required to wear that mask for up to 6 months, for 8 to 12 hours depending on work shift length, changing it every 2 hours for effectiveness.

As the mother of three amazing children myself, and working in the health field for 17 ½ years, I make it a point to research and question everything that comes into contact with my children to ensure I am the most educated to make the best decisions for my family. They are my responsibility and I take that VERY seriously. That means spending enormous amounts of time reading medical journals, articles from the CDC, FDA, OSHA, and vaccine awareness sites. I gather information, compare data, verify resources, weigh risk and benefits and read between the lines using common sense. That being said, I choose NOT to vaccinate myself or my family with the flu shot.

When confronted with this policy, I made the decision NOT to vaccinate, leaving my only option to wear the mask (which I also researched for effectiveness) if I am going to remain employed at KBH.

I notified my supervisor that I would be more than willing to wear the mask when appropriate according to the research I had done for example, when around immune-compromised patients, if I were ill or the patient was ill but that I would not wear it when not deemed necessary. If anyone has worn a mask, you know how uncomfortable that is and to wear one for 8 to 12 hours, for up to 6 months, when not deemed necessary, was nothing to me but a form of bullying to get employees to vaccinate with the flu shot. My supervisor then notified me that I would be fired for not agreeing to this policy. I notified her that I was more than willing to be fired for not agreeing to this policy because I felt it was a violation of my right to not put carcinogens (for example, vaccine ingredients such as thimerosol/mercury that is a neurotoxin, polysorbate 80 which causes infertility in rats and formaldehyde that is a known carcinogen, just to name a few) in my body.

Well, what happened next may surprise you… the lengths that is, that they would go to fire me for any other reason BUT for not agreeing to the vaccine policy. Why you might ask? Because mandatory vaccination is a “hot topic” in the media right now and infringes on our human rights and no company wants that media attention. This being said they are still willing to do this to meet the guidelines set forth to reach 90% vaccination of all health care workers to get their medicare and medicaid reimbursement. Follow it back and you will always find the reason behind this…is the all mighty dollar.

When I refused to sign the form my supervisor told me to not come into work that evening and that without signing the form, they would NOT allow me to work. This was Monday December 3rd, 2012. I asked her if she was planning on notifying the staffing office and my co-workers because I was not wanting to put them in a situation of being “short staffed” for their work shift, or if she wanted me to notify staffing. She said she would take care of it. She then told me she would call Human Resources (HR) and get back to me on a time to come in and be fired. I received a call back with her stating that HR said they needed to wait to fire me till I was a “no show” for my next shift, the following Monday.

This made no sense so I asked her “why?”. My supervisor continued to tell me that when I didn’t show up for my next scheduled shift, I would be fired for “abandonment” of my patients. I was in SHOCK! I quickly responded by saying that I would NEVER abandon my patients or co-workers. I told her I would show up Monday to work and that she would have to be the one telling me to leave.

I could not believe this was happening, but I have to say after researching vaccines for 7 years now, I was well aware of the deceit and corruption surrounding this issue. I quickly was trying to think one step ahead of them on where this was going. I then realized that they could not get me on “abandonment” if I “called off’ of work on that Monday. I would be notifying them that I was not coming in and not be a “no show” and therefore not meet the policy on abandonment. I called my supervisor to let her know what my plan was. I guess it was at this time she figured out that I could see through the lies. I asked her for the “abandonment” policy to which she says, “ Sarah, how long are you going to drag this out?” It was at this exact moment that I realized I had NO OUT. Sure, I could “call off”, avoid the “abandonment” policy and drag this out for two more weeks, but you see, KBH has another policy of “call offs/absenteeism”. If you call off more than their policy says is ok, you are fired for “absenteeism”. I could see quickly where this was headed. They were going to try and fire me for abandonment or absenteeism but NOT for the matter at hand of NOT agreeing with the mandatory vaccination policy.

Once I realized the reality of the situation and the clear manipulation of the truth, I felt I was forced to resign. I was forced to resign for three reasons: 1. To keep the focus on the truth of the matter, and I resigned stating that it was because I “did not agree with the mandatory vaccination flu policy at KBH”, 2. To not mar my 17 ½ year clean record with a bogas accusation like abandonment or absenteeism when that was not the case at all, and 3. Because I was told that if I were fired, my supervisor would have to say I was not re-hirable…all of which was NOT TRUE!

I find it mind boggling that a “health” care facility, who’s focus should be on “health”, would force an employee of 17 ½ years helping educate kids, teaching them to believe in themselves, stand up to bullies, make educated decisions, to not put drugs, alcohol, or other toxins in their bodies….and here I am being forced to resign for those same reasons.

I am not an angry ex-employee. I don’t want money or even my job back (I don’t want to work for a facility that does not take MY HEALTH into consideration also). All I want is for the community to know what is happening.

My story is not one about me, or even the topic of vaccines. It is a story about the chipping away of our human constitutional rights. If we can’t choose what we put or don’t put in our bodies…..what next?

Please let Kootenai Health know that you are a community that values your right to choose what is best for you and your family.

Thank you for your time,

Sarah

See Also: Head of Nurse’s Union Forced to Take Flu Vaccine Ends Up in Own Intensive Care Unit

Flu and Flu Vaccines:

What’s Coming Through That Needle – DVD

More Info

FREE Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24533,"Coconuts are among the most nutritionally dense foods on the planet and have been a dietary staple for millennia. Western science is now “playing catch-up” to what natives of tropical regions have known for thousands of years. One of the reasons coconut is so special is that it’s a natural antimicrobial food. Coconut, especially its oil, is a powerful destroyer of all kinds of microbes, from viruses to bacteria to protozoa, many of which harm human health. Researchers at the Athlone Institute of Technology’s Bioscience Research Institute in Ireland have discovered that coconut oil’s biocidal properties can be effective against the bacteria responsible for tooth decay.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33348,"by Sarah Shilhavy

Health Impact News

Snacking is something nearly everyone does and likes to do. It’s fun, easy, and can give you that extra mood lift or energy boost when you need it in the middle of the day.

Unfortunately, mindless snacking can also lead to a lot of unhealthy habits such as feeding a sugar addiction. The body often craves foods and drinks that will boost energy and sugar is usually the most readily available source.

Perhaps the best alternative you should be reaching for, instead of something loaded with processed sugary carbs, is coconut oil. Coconut oil is incredibly easy to work with, versatile, and can (and will) boost your energy, mood, and health the more you eat it and continue eating it in place of less healthy junk food snacks.

Finding out what kind of snack you need, like, and have the time to prepare is a good starting point to figuring out how to get more coconut oil into your daily grazing.

Some of the quickest and easiest are no-bake and no-cook recipes utilizing coconut oil’s natural solid state below 70 degrees ºF to make bark-like, crunchy candy bites. Recipes for snack bar style snacks that utilize powerhouse ingredients such as nuts, seeds, dried fruit and pure, unsweetened cocoa are also very easy to get coconut oil into. However, if you’re trying to cut back on sugar keep an eye on the amount of sugary ingredients used per recipe such as fruit and sweeteners. Just because a recipe doesn’t have cane sugar doesn’t guarantee that it actually is low in sugar.

To be able to find just the right snack that will meet all your current dietary needs, it is helpful to go through a quick mental checklist:

1. Why are you hungry?

Is it really hunger or is it thirst? Do you need an energy boost? If it’s a boost you need, find something with a high coconut oil content (see the Homemade Chocolate and CoCo Almond Bites below). If you’re unsure, drink a tall glass of water and try asking yourself again.

2. What have you eaten up until this point?

If you’ve had nothing but coffee and maybe a bite of a pastry from breakfast, try snacking on something with a high overall coconut (e.g. dried coconut) content to boost protein and fiber, as well as a variety of other ingredients that are both filling but low in the natural sugar, such as these tasty bites:

or these Super Food Balls:

But maybe you’ve taken care of yourself all day, eaten well, had plenty of water to drink and just want something to munch on that’s both delicious, good for you, and portable. Try this:

If you’re not in the mood for a snack that requires chewing but need something filling and portable that’s also a good carrier for coconut oil, try a smoothie. Unendingly forgiving and customizable, you can adjust the ingredients and make sure you’re getting as much coconut oil as you want all in one convenient serving, just like this Banana Orange Smoothie:

For those who really just want to pop little bites of nearly pure coconut oil throughout the day, then these two recipes are perfect for you:

If you’re really wanting something savory, try quickly and lightly sautéing your favorite seasonal vegetable in coconut oil, like these Coconut Oil Sautéed Carrots:

Or whipping melted coconut oil into your favorite dip:

Getting coconut oil into your daily snacking habits may be easier than you think. Take full advantage of coconut oil’s unique fat and oil texture forms to make healthy candy barks [9], melt it down for drinks [10], use it like butter, or simply stir it into your favorite homemade snack recipe. With just a little experimenting and creating, coconut oil can make its way into just about any recipe.

Find hundreds of kitchen-tested user-submitted recipes at FreeCoconutRecipes.com [11]!

[11]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33100,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

While many people today are having their dental amalgams replaced due to concerns about mercury poisoning, it is important to take note of this study published in 2011 that found many composites and sealants used in the dentistry field contain bisphenol A (BPA), and that these dental materials can release BPA into your body via your mouth.

Also, before investing thousands of dollars in dental work that involves putting inorganic material into your mouth, it is highly recommended that one spend a few hundred dollars to do a bio-compatibility test in a laboratory to find out if you are reactive to the dental materials that will go into your mouth. One such lab that can be utilized is BioComp. The results of their test can be shared with any dentist you use to provide dental work to help make an informed decision about available materials.

Also consider switching to a “Holistic” or “Biological” dentist that understands the issues of mercury toxicity as well as other important issues in dentistry, such as the dangers of root canals. The following organizations can help you find such a dentist:

by Stefano Eramo, DDS, Giacomo Urbani, MD, DDS, Gian Luca Sfasciotti, MD, DDS, PHD, Orlando Brugnoletti, MD, DDS, Maurizio Bossù, DDS, PHD, and Antonella Polimeni, MD, DDS

US National Library of Medicine and National Institutes of Health

This study aims to critically summarize the literature about bisphenol A (BPA), indicate whether and how those risks are real and emphasize how it is eventually possible to prevent them. With this in mind, we should consider nature, risks and control of BPA, as well as its presence and its role in sealants and composites. It is important to note that we will focus on literature exclusively written about the possible estrogenic activity (and not about the general toxicology profile) of BPA or its possible derivatives released from composites and sealants (without mentioning, or covering just briefly, similar activities performed by their components).

Bisphenol A (BPA) is, by definition, a major component of Bis-GMA (bisphenol A glycidylmethacrylate or “Bowen’s resin”), a molecule known to be at the basis of composites and sealants used in dentistry. In the international dental literature articles regularly appear arguing that BPA and/or its derivatives might be released into the oral cavity from composites and sealants in doses which can produce estrogenic effects. This study aims to critically summarize the literature, indicate whether and how those risks are real and emphasize how it is eventually possible to prevent them. With this in mind, we should consider nature, risks and control of BPA, as well as its presence and its role in sealants and composites. It is important to note that we will focus on literature exclusively written about the possible estrogenic activity (and not about the general toxicology profile) of BPA or its possible derivatives released from composites and sealants (without mentioning, or covering just briefly, similar activities performed by their components).

Furthermore, a recent publication of the American CERHR (Centre for the Evaluation of Risks to Human Reproduction, 2007) agrees with the reassuring general conclusions of the experts of the European Community.

Thus, a child of 36 kg weight can take, without risks, a daily dose of BPA of 1800 g and an adult of 70 kg a dose of 3500 g. It has been estimated that the human dietary level of BPA is below 50 mg/kg/day TDI, infants and children included ( Table 2 ).

The Panel of EFSA has issued an opinion in which the re-evaluation of BPA focused particularly on effects of BPA on reproduction and on the endocrine (hormonal) system ( 1 ). A great scientific debate has taken place about the aforementioned effects.Therefore, the Panel concluded that the NOAEL of 5 mg/kg bw/day remains valid. The Panel also concluded that endocrine-system related effects of low-doses of BPA in rodents have not been demonstrated in a robust and reproducible way, as some studies indicated major species differences between rodents and humans in the way that BPA is handled in the body: humans more rapidly metabolise and eliminate BPA than rats do and, in addition, mice are particularly sensitive to estrogens. Given, however, that BPA is a weak oestrogen, absence of adverse effects at doses of BPA equal or below 0.5 mg/kg bw/day derived from an important study on mice and two generations of their offspring added further certainty for risk assessment. According to available scientific evidence and because of remaining doubts, the Panel applied a 100-fold uncertainty factor to establish TDI, that is usually used, and established for humans a full TDI of 0.05 mg / kg body weight equal to 50 μg/kg body weight .

In the United States and in Japan its use is also authorized in contact with food. The European Commission’s Scientific Committee on Food (SCF) published in 2002 an opinion on BPA, defining a temporary TDI (Tolerable Daily Intake = the amount of a substance, expressed on a body weight basis that can be ingested daily over a lifetime without appreciable risk) of 0.01 mg/kg bw (therefore, equal to 10 g/Kg pc), that derived from No-Observed-Adverse-Effect Level (NOAEL) of 5 mg/kg bw/day, applying a 500-fold uncertainty factor. In 2006, in the light of the vast number of scientific articles published in the meantime, the European Commission asked EFSA (European Food Safety Authority) to review the safety of BPA for use in materials in contact with food.

It is also widely used in the production of epoxy resins, used as an internal, protective lining for cans and metal lids and the inner layer of water tanks and wine vats ( 1 ). Small amounts of BPA can migrate from containers into foods and beverages, therefore its use is regulated in the European Union under the Commission Directive 2002/72/EC of 6 August 2002 relating to plastic materials and articles intended to come into contact with foodstuffs.

BPA is produced by the condensation of phenol and acetone in the presence of catalysts and catalyst promoters ( 2 ); its molecular formula is C 15 H 16 O 2 and its structure is shown in Figure 1 ; the molecular mass is 228.29 g / mol and it exists at room temperature in the form of a white solid with a mild “phenolic” odour.

Bisphenol A (BPA) is recorded in the CAS (Chemical Abstract Service), number 00080-05-7 and its chemical name as used in Europe is 2,2-Bis (4-hydroxyphenyl) propane. There are a large number of synonyms, such as the following most common: Bis(4-hydroxyphenyl)dimethyl methane; 4,4′-dihydroxydiphenyl propane; 4,4′-dihydroxy-2,2-diphenyl propane; Diphenylolpropane; 4,4′-isopropylidenediphenol ( 1 ).

Obviously it is necessary to note that the composites and sealants produced in Europe, Japan and in the U.S. must meet strict standards determining the maximum amount of BPA released under the conditions of the oral cavity; furthermore these standards are based on toxicological aspects and not on those of estrogens (which require lower doses to act). According to our point of view the problem has therefore to be focused on four questions, to which answers will be given at the end of the review of the literature:

Bisphenol A plays an important role in almost all composites and sealants, as it is an integral part of the molecule of Bis-GMA. It must, however, be specified (as was clearly emphasized by ADI, 2008) that in reality BPA can become part of these dental materials in three ways: a) as a direct ingredient, b) as a product of the degradation of other ingredients, c) as trace material derived from the manufacture of other ingredients.

Analysis of literature

Although it was known since the ‘30s that some diphenyl compounds containing two hydroxyl groups in para position could show estrogenicity, only since the mid-90s, the research has dealt with the possible estrogenic effects of BPA. This was generally due to the increased number of studies on this compound, which is, as already noted, widely used in the synthesis of substances forming the inner lining of many food containers and, in particular, to the increasing use of resin-based sealants and composites (both for their intrinsic improvement and for their use in adhesive systems) (3,5).

The first one addressing this issue in dentistry was a Spanish group of the University of Granada along with researchers at Tufts University of Boston: in this widely cited article the authors, studying the behaviour of three composites and a sealant, reported that the release and the estrogenic activity of BPA and BPA dimethacrylate was only due to the sealant(6). In particular, the authors concluded in a clinical trial on 18 subjects that the polymerized sealant (Delton) was able to release high doses into saliva (one hour period after treatment), ranging from 90 to 930 g of BPA and BPA dimethacrylate for 50 mg of compound. These doses were more than sufficient to induce estrogenic responses in a particular cell line. Authors concluded that “the use of bis-GMA-based resins in dentistry, and particularly the use of sealants in children, appears to contribute to human exposure to xenoestrogens”.

By return mail, Habib and Kugel, in a letter to the editor of the magazine which had published the article by Olea et al., criticized it, underlining in particular the need to undertake scientific studies in order to define the presence of risks and their possible gravity as well as the need to avoid “emotional aspects and hysteria”(7).

In the following years, the problem posed by Spanish authors does not seem to have raised, in fact, the said “hysteria” in dentistry, and even the dental scientific analyses are rather reduced in number.

Hamid and Hume in a study in vitro by HPLC did not identify the presence of BPA in the eluate of seven dental sealants (Concise, Ultraseal, P & FS, Prisma Shield Compules, Helioseal F, Dentsply Delton and Delton J & J), but stressed the release of TEGDME from Concise and Helioseal(8).

Carrying out an in vitro analysis using high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) for seven sealants (Delton, Concise, Helioseal, PrismaShield, Seal-Rite I, Rite II and Defender Seal), Nathanson et al. found that none of them had released BPA, even if the BPA dimethacrylate was detected in the eluate of two commercial products (Delton and Defender) as well as the presence of various other molecules (TEGDME, Bis-GMA, UDMA) (9).

In 1999 some important contributions worth being taken more carefully into consideration appear almost simultaneously.

Schafer et al., in an experimental work in vitro, confirm the potential estrogenicity of BPA and BPA dimethacrylate in micromolar concentrations in vitro (at doses that are, however, 1,000 times higher than the estrogen reference, represented by 17β-estradiol), both repeating the experiences of Olea et al. and with the use of flow cytometry. They very clearly stress that their conclusions are valid only “in vitro” and that “in vivo” is necessary to investigate various controversial aspects and, in particular: – how much the xenoestrogens are accumulated and metabolized;

– what is the level of exposure of people to these compounds;

– what exactly are the levels sufficient to cause adverse reactions;

– how much the xenoestrogens have additive effects (10). Soderholm and Mariotti (3), in a comprehensive and precise review of the literature (already mentioned in this introduction), not only present the synthesis of experimental work that had appeared up until then on the release and possible estrogenic action of BPA from dental products, but also explore for explanatory purposes three main areas: chemistry and clinical use of Bis-GMA, steroids’ action in the body and in the oral cavity, the various theories about how bisphenol A–based resins may affect estrogen-sensitive tissues in the body. These authors concluded that “based on existing research, we must accept that certain impurities may be present in some Bis-GMA–based resins, and these impurities, when released from restorations, are potentially estrogenic” but added that “the amounts of bisphenol A that may be present as an impurity or produced as a degradation product from dental restorations, including sealants, are quite small and far below the doses needed to affect the reproductive tract.

Lewis et al., in a study in vitro carried out to identify the release of BPA and BPA dimethacrylate from 28 commercial dental products (20 composites and 8 sealants, see Table 1) using HPLC, found no measurable released quantities of these compounds; the only exception was represented by a sealant (Delton II) able to release amounts of bisphenol capable of producing estrogenic responses in vitro. The authors concluded, however, that “dental resins in general do not represent a significant source of BPA or BAD exposure” (11).

Schmalz et al., in a trial in vitro conducted by HPLC on the release of BPA from sealant monomers under different hydrolytic conditions (variable pH values, esterase action, pooled saliva for up to 24 hours) stress the importance of the conversion under these conditions of BPA into BPA dimethacrylate as well as how the majority of commercial products did not contain any compounds (12). Authors concluded that the results reported by Olea et al. (6) may be attributed to the BPA-dimethacrylate content of Delton, but, on the other hand, no BPA release is expected under physiological conditions from fissure sealants based on Bis-GMA if pure-base monomers are used.

The same research group, Arenholt-Bindslev et al., then conducted an in vivo analysis, placing two different types of fissure sealants (Delton and Visioseal) in 8 volunteers. 5 ml of saliva were collected immediately, 1 hour and 24 hours after placement of the fissure sealant. The saliva samples analysis by HPLC found that small quantities of BPA (0.3–2.8 ppm i.e. 0.3 to 2.8 mg/L, as the sample collected of 5 ml, the total quantity was 1.5–14 g) were detected in saliva samples collected only immediately after placement of Delton sealant; furthermore, in a recombinant yeast cell assay, significantly increased estrogenic activity was found in saliva samples collected immediately after placement of Delton. The authors concluded that “BPA can be found in saliva samples collected immediately after placement of Delton”, however, it is “considerably lower than the amount reported by other sealants. No detectable amounts of BPA nor estrogenic activity were detected 1 hour after Delton treatment (13).

In 2000, the Olea group revived interest in research in this field, showing that, despite the reassuring findings of previous literature, BPA was released not only from the “usual” Delton, but also from 7 others commercial composites currently used in dentistry (Pekalux, Charisma, SILUX plus, Z100, Tetric, Brilliant, Polofil). Using HPLC and gas chromatography/mass spectrometry, the authors studied biphenolic molecules eluted from in vitro polymerized commercial composites, with particular reference to BPA, and found values of up to 1.8 g/g of polymerized materials. Such concentrations, underlined the authors, may have “biological effects, as have been demonstrated in in vivo experimental models (14).

Tarumi et al., by means of the Reporter Gene Assay, investigated the endocrine response to three sealants (Delton, Defender and Teethmate) and 4 adhesive resins (Linerbond, Scotchbond, Optibond Solo and AllBond). Two of these sealants (Delton and Defender) were confirmed to have estrogenic activity, although none of the tested materials contained BPA. They concluded that “endocrine-like action is probably linked to BPA dimethacrylate” and that “the possibilities of the BPA eluted from dental resin-based materials mimicking natural steroid hormones are negligible” (15).

Fung et al. have carried out an in vivo test on 40 adult volunteers collecting saliva and blood samples at various intervals (1h, 3h, 1 day, 3 days and 5 days) after sealant (Delton) placement and using HPLC to determine BPA concentration; 18 patients constituted the low-dose group, receiving a single 8-mg dental sealant dose on one surface, while 22 patients constituted the high-dose group, receiving a total dosage of 32 mg of sealant on four surfaces. This experience frankly seemed rather questionable in some respects, from a dental point of view, because the authors did not used a dental dam (as most of the other authors cited did), did not immediately make a collection of fluid, touched up the areas of sealant with rotary instruments, and collected fluids in plastic containers (which can react with BPA). However, the authors, despite detected low concentrations of BPA in saliva specimens collected at both one and three hours immediately after sealant placement in saliva (from 5.8 to 105.6 parts per billion, i.e. g/L), and relying on the continued absence of measurements in blood and saliva samples after 24 hours, state that “that BPA released orally from a dental sealant may not be absorbed or may be present in non-detectable amounts in systemic circulation, therefore, “the concern about potential estrogenicity of a sealant may be unfounded” (16).

Manabe et al., using in vitro an original method of selective extraction in combination with gas chromatography-mass spectrometry, revealed that the composites and sealants examined released up to 91.4 ng of bisphenol-A/g material into a buffered saline solution, when polymerized, during a 24-hour incubation. The authors concluded that bisphenol-A can be released from dental materials, however the leachable amount would be less than 1/1000 of the reported dose (2 g/kg body weight/day) required for xenoestrogenisity in vivo (17).

Al-Hiyasat et al., in an in vivo study, investigated the effect of leached substances from dental composites on the fertility of male mice. Using Z 100, the authors prepared 50 polymerized discs (for a weight of 3.9 g), immersed them in ethanol for 24 hours and sonicated them for 30 minutes. The eluate evaporated the at 80°C. The obtained sediment was dissolved in distilled water and intragastrically administered to 20 male mice. The procedure was repeated for 28 days (while keeping the same 50 discs). The study of these various fertility tests enabled the authors to conclude that the components released from the composite under the above-mentioned conditions “have an adverse effect on the fertility and reproductive system of male mice” (18).

Atkinson et al. conducted an in vitro investigation into the stability of compounds usually found in dental sealants, using gas chromatography/mass spectrophotometry and HPLC. Subsequently, standard BPA molecules BPA dimethacrylate and TEGDMA (triethylene-glycol dimethacrylate) were added to saliva. The authors found that free BPA in saliva is stable while the BPA dimethacrylate is rapidly converted to BPA which can slow this process. This process is significantly influenced by decreasing salivary pH and temperature (19).

In an interesting article, Kostoryz et al. studied in vitro the cytotoxic, mutagenic and estrogenic effects of hydroxylated metabolites of BisGMA and BFDGE (bisphenol F diglycidyl ether, a molecule found in many oxirane composites), respectively represented by Bisphenol A bis (2,3-dihydroxypropyl) ether and bisphenol F bis (2,3-dihydroxypropyl) ether. The study showed that they neither have estrogenic effects nor are mutagenic, and presented a lower cytotoxicity. They were non-mutagenic, non-estrogenic, and presented minor cytotoxicity (20).

Using a reporter gene assay, Nomura et al. tested in vitro for estrogenic activity three monomers (Bis-GMA, UDMA and TEGDME) and five polymerization initiators (camphorquinone (CQ), benzoyl peroxide (BPO), dimethyl-para-toluidine (DMPT), 2-dimethylamino-ethyl-methacrylate (DMAEMA), and 1-allyl-2-thiourea (ATU)). Two of the products (BPO and DMPT) even showed reduced estrogenic activity in vitro (21).

Al-Hiyasat et al., in a similar article to the one already mentioned (Al-Hiyasat et al., 2002) (18), suggested that leached components from a resin-based dental composite (Z-100) “have adverse effects on the fertility and reproductive system of female mice”(22). The same Jordanian group made up by Darmani et al., no longer studying the composite eluate but directly the BPA dimethacrylate administered intragastrically in doses ranging from 5 to 100 μg /μg body weight, showed significant adverse effects on the fertility and reproductive systems of male and female mice (23).

Takahashi et al. demonstrated that the release of BPA from polycarbonate crowns also demonstrated that the hTERT (human telomerase catalytic subunit mRNA) is a possible target test to evaluate the estrogenicity of the PBA (24). Also of great interest is the article by Wada et al., published in the well known Journal of Dental Research in which the Japanese authors tested the hypothesis that commercial composites, which contain various monomers and additives, may exhibit estrogenic activityin vitro. The estrogenic activity of eluates obtained from 24 resin composites placed into a steel mould (5 mm diameter and 1.5 mm high), and 18 chemicals with concentration equal to 100 nmol/L identified from the composites tested, were examined with the use of the reporter gene assay (25).

They revealed estrogenic activity in vitro for six of the 24 composites (Table 4, active composites are shown with X), and three of the 18 constituents: a photostabilizer (HMBP), a photoinitiator (DMPA) and an inhibitor (BHT) (Table 5). The authors wisely concluded that “the clinical relevance of the results of the present in vitro study remains unclear“ and that “further investigation into the in vivo estrogenic effects of composites is necessary, although the release of estrogenic compounds from composites is basically undesirable”.

Table 4 Ideal bone substitute features.

Table 5 Ideal bone substitute features.

Sasaki et al., in an in vivo study using the ELISA system, investigated the changes in the BPA concentration in the saliva of 21 volunteers after restoration with composite resins (of constant weight of 0.1 grams). Nine commercially available products were used in this study: (Z100, Progress, Palfique, Metafile Flo, UNIFIL S, Beautifil, Xeno CFII, Prodigy, Clearfil ST). Thanks to this method, the authors found BPA concentrations ranging from 15 to 100 ng/ml of saliva (in other words in 1 ml of saliva, a released amount equal to 0.15–1 g/g of substance was present). It is interesting to find that sufficient gargling, if carried out immediately after polymerization, can quickly remove BPA completely from the oral cavity (26).

Joskow et al. conducted a study in vivo on the release of BPA from two sealants (Delton and Helioseal): after sealant placement in 14 volunteers they measured BPA in saliva and urine samples collected at prescribed intervals immediately after, after an hour and after 24 hours. The sealants were tested using a gas chromatograph-high resolution mass spectrometer. The authors detected differences between the salivary BPA concentrations of Delton (large amounts, also present one hour later in the urine) and Helioseal-treated patients one hour after sealant placement. This conclusion of this article is particularly interesting as the authors (hosted by the ADA official journal) stated that “Dental sealants may be a point source for low-level BPA exposure at levels that show health effects in rodents. Further research is required to determine whether human exposure to BPA at these levels causes adverse effects” (27). Eliades et al. did not discover release of BPA by HPLC from two types of composite (Rely-a-bond and Reliance) intended for the fitting of an orthodontic bracket. (28,29)

In a selective review of the literature, Azarpazhooh and Main, working on the assumption that the “release of dental sealant components such as BPA has the potential to bind the estrogen receptors of relevant cells at sub-toxic concentrations”, instead investigated whether the placement of pit- and fissure-sealant materials causes toxicity, and thus harms patients (30).

Having identified 377 articles in the literature related to this topic, the authors chose 11 of them, under strict exclusion criteria, to be investigated (though 15 studies have been assessed). From the comparison of these studies, the authors concluded that “that patients are not at risk for exposure to BPA from the use of dental sealants”, however, “to reduce the potential for BPA toxicity from sealants, dental providers should use simple clinical procedures.

Gioka et al. examined the structure, composition and estrogenic effects in vitro of particles obtained from the drilling of two types of orthodontic composite (System 1 + and Blugloo). In particular, they investigated the estrogenicity of the eluate obtained after one months’ immersion, carried out by grinding in saline solution in contact with an estrogen-responsive cell line (MCF-7). Both the adhesives showed estrogenic effects in vitro, and proliferation rates of MCF-7 cells increased by 160% and 128%, compared to the control. The authors concluded that, apart from the potentially hazardous action of adhesive aerosol particulate produced by grinding, composite resin particulates may act as “endocrinological disruptors” (31).

The last bibliographic consideration is the limited number of articles that dealt with the preventive activities that can be performed in dentistry in order to avoid the absorption by the patient of the monomers and, in particular, the release of BPA from sealants and composites.

Rueggeberg et al. conducted research to examine the effectiveness of 5 treatments (carried out for 20 seconds) in eliminating the residual monomer amount of the surface of freshly polymerized sealants. They found that the use of pumice in cup eliminates on average 95%, while pumice on cotton ball 93%, dry cotton 89%, wet cotton 86%, and an air/water spray removed 68%. The authors concluded that it appears that the most effective method of removing the air-inhibited layer from sealants after their placement is to apply a mild abrasive (pumice) in combination with some sort of mechanical energy (a hand scrub with a cotton roll or an air-driven prophylaxis cup) (32). Schafer et al. emphasize the possibility of treating the surface of freshly polymerized sealants with mild abrasive and by means of a prophylaxis cup to remove residual free monomer (33).

Sasaki et al., as we mentioned before, noticed in their experiments that 30 seconds’ gargling with warm water was sufficient to almost completely remove the BPA released from tested composites (26).",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32409,"Health Impact News

The VAXXED [2] film crew recently interviewed Dr. Anthony Phan in California. Dr. Phan escaped from Vietnam in the 1970s when he was 8 years old. He was separated from his parents and escaped on a fishing boat along with his 2 year old brother.

Making it to the U.S. as a child refugee, Dr. Phan testifies that God led him through college and medical school, and he went on to become a medical doctor at Johns Hopkins.

Dr. Phan talks about how his mentor at Johns Hopkins taught him about the importance of the Hippocratic Oath to “do no harm.”

Do no harm means your oath is to the patient. Not to the CDC, not to the government, not to the FDA, your oath is to the patient.

His mentor also reportedly stated to him:

One day Tony, in your career (this was in 1993), when you see these threesome (CDC, FDA, and the government) in bed together, be very careful. When you see pharmaceutical companies being in bed with the government, and being controlled by the health industry, you need to make a decision about where you want to take your medical career. Either #1 you retire and get out, because it is back to being controlled again, back to where I escaped (from Vietnam) in 1975.

Dr. Phan explains that his experience with vaccines began in 2000 when he did his fellowship in Integrated Medicine. He was taught to question the practices of “conventional” medicine that are wrong.

He was practicing in geriatrics at the time, and he noticed that every time he gave the flu shot to his older patients, they would get very sick.

They would get very sick with upper respiratory tract infections, some would get pneumonia, and some would be admitted to the hospital and die.

So he stopped giving flu shots after 5 or 6 injections.

He knew something was wrong. He began doing his own research into vaccines, and encountered the evidence of fraud within the CDC.

He then began looking at what he calls “real data” that was not controlled by the CDC. He challenges the 300,000 plus physicians in the United States to watch the documentary VAXXED [2].

In a very touching point of the interview, Dr. Phan apologizes to Polly Tommey who is doing the interview, and is one of the co-producers of the VAXXED film. With tears in his eyes, he apologizes to her on behalf of the medical community, because Ms. Tommey has a 20 year old vaccine injured son.

Watch the entire interview:

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. [3]

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

[4]

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here! [4]

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact [5], part of the Health Impact News network [6].

Order here! [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17316,"Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) — not to be confused with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) — is an autoimmune disease that can have very serious consequences. (IBS, on the other hand, is a functional bowel disorder. In other words, there are no significant physical conditions that contribute to the problem; hence it's a functional disease.) According to the latest statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), IBD affects more than 3 million American adults, nearly triple previous estimates.1 There are two types of IBD: Crohn's disease Ulcerative colitis Both of these IBD conditions involve chronic inflammation in the gastrointestinal (GI) tract. Symptoms include abdominal cramps, fatigue and diarrhea. IBD also raises your risk of developing colorectal cancer, the third most common cancer in the U.S.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43937,"by Dr. Brownstein [1]

drbrownstein.com [1]

With the Ebola virus in the news, I thought it might be time to comment on what steps you can take to prevent becoming ill. Keep in mind that conventional medicine has no effective treatments for the Ebola virus. Due to a slow international response, Ebola has spread rapidly.

It is a scary infection as the death rate is very high—from 50-90%. Initially, the Ebola infection can mimic the symptoms from the flu or other upper respiratory infection. However, as it progresses, it can lead to very severe muscle aches, liver and kidney failure along with bleeding out of various areas of the body. Needless to say, Ebola is something to be taken very seriously.

As I previously stated, there is no conventional treatment for the Ebola virus. That does not mean that you are powerless to do anything to combat it. There are many effective natural anti-viral therapies that may prove effective against Ebola. It would be nice if the Powers-That-Be would begin testing these therapies. But, that would make common sense. Instead the Powers-That-Be are actively discouraging the use of alternative therapies even though they have nothing to offer. It is a sad situation.

Keep in mind that Ebola, like any viral infection, can only be cured by a strong immune system. We are designed with a powerful immune system that should mount a response to an infectious agent. However, the immune system can only mount a vigorous defense if it has the raw materials available to it. For over 20 years, I have been checking every patient for their nutrient status. Unfortunately, most are deficient in the basic raw materials that the immune system needs to function optimally.

I say, if you become ill with a viral illness, do the basics to help optimize your immune system. I will show you the four most important items you can use to aid your immune system to fight any illness.

The most important item is vitamin C. Humans are not able to manufacture vitamin C. Either we get enough vitamin C from our diet or the immune system will not function optimally and we will be more prone to becoming ill with various infections, Ebola included. Throughout the medical literature there are many case histories of vitamin C curing viral and other infectious illnesses. Vitamin C activates the immune system so that it can fight any infection. How much vitamin C should you take? I would suggest taking at least 5,000mg of vitamin C on a daily basis. If you become ill with any infectious agent, take more as the body’s requirements dramatically increase when it is confronted with an infectious agent.

Intravenous vitamin C should be given to all Ebola patients. Though it has not been studied, I have no doubt that IV vitamin C would be a great benefit to any patient suffering not only from Ebola but from any infectious agent. In my practice, I have used IV vitamin C for over 20 years. Anytime the body is stressed, vitamin C requirements are elevated. IV vitamin C achieves a much higher serum level as compared to oral vitamin C. IV vitamin C should be a standard-of-care treatment for all Ebola patients. In fact, it should be standard-of-care for any hospitalized patient.

What else can you take to prevent a viral infection? I would suggest taking vitamin A. Vitamin A is integral for the maintenance and functioning of the immune system. In acute viral illnesses, I have found short courses of vitamin A (not beta carotene) very helpful. From 10-100,000U of vitamin A per day for a few days to a few weeks can stimulate the immune system to fight viral infections.

Vitamin D is also important. Over 80% of patients are deficient in vitamin D. Maintaining adequate vitamin D levels helps lead to a strong immune system. For most patients, I suggest taking 2-6,000U of vitamin D3 per day. In times of acute illnesses, 50,000U of vitamin D3 per day for a few days has proven extremely helpful.

Iodine is essential. No virus, bacteria, or parasite has been shown to be resistant to iodine. Iodine levels have fallen over 50% during the last 40 years. Maintaining iodine sufficiency is one of the most important things you can do to help your immune system. For most patients, I have found 12-50mg/day can supply the body with the correct amount of iodine. More information about this can be found in my book, Iodine: Why You Need It, Why You Can’t Live Without It [2].

I do not suggest you try taking these large doses of nutrients without seeing a health care provider knowledgeable about natural agents. A competent health care provider can order the appropriate tests and guide you in which therapy is best for you.

There are many other natural therapies that may help fight Ebola and other infections including silver, alpha lipoic acid, medium and short chain fatty acids (found in coconut oil), minerals, and herbal therapies.

I would be remiss if I did not mention four other steps you can do at home which can help improve anyone’s immune system. First, it is important to maintain hydration. Next, eat healthy food. Eating too much sugar ruins the immune system. The ingestion of refined sugar has been shown to slow down the activity of the white blood cells for hours afterwards. Maintaining adequate salt levels is a must. Most people do not ingest enough salt. Unrefined salt should be the salt-of-choice. Infectious agents prefer a low-salt environment–that is why salt is used to preserve food. More information about salt can be found in my book, Salt Your Way To Health [3]. Finally, I cannot stress enough the importance of exercise. Exercise stimulates the immune system.

Ebola should be taken seriously. It would be nice if the Powers-That-Be would investigate the natural therapies that I have outlined here. I have seen them work in many serious illnesses. I have no doubt they would work in a patient suffering from Ebola.

Read the Full Article here [1].",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33070,"by Orissa Mora-Kent

Are you craving fresh inspiration for your dinner plate? We’re here to help you discover wholesome and dependable recipes that will nourish you and your family every night of the week.

This go-to-guide includes 7 entrée recipes + side dish and dessert recommendations that your dinner guests won’t find dull.

You’ll discover that our coconut recipes not only produce great meals, they also encourage a higher quality of life by helping you get away from processed foods found in grocery stores, and back in the kitchen participating in the age-old community of scientists and artists who love to create excellent meals from scratch using whole food ingredients.

We hope you’ll enjoy the flavors, the process, and the conversations you’ll be having around your table.

Let’s get cooking!

Monday:

Chicken Curry + Coconut Cilantro Chutney and Coconut Milk Lemon Gelato

Entrée: Are you an international foods fan? You’ll enjoy bringing the bright colors and warm fragrance of Indian cuisine into your home, in this spicy, fragrant chicken curry made with fresh homemade coconut milk. Get the Chicken Curry recipe.

Side: Fresh home made chutney compliments the meal at hand perfectly. Get the Coconut Cilantro Chutney recipe.

Dessert: After the main course, cleanse your palate with a refreshing Lemon Gelato, ending your meal on a perfect note. Get the Coconut Milk Lemon Gelato recipe.

Tuesday:

Salmon with Coconut Milk Sauce + Spring Asparagus with Homemade Garlic Aioli and Grain Free Vanilla Chocolate Fudge Marble Cake

Entrée: Handcrafted rich flavors bring out the natural delicacy of salmon – creamed in a dairy free sauce made with the freshest homemade coconut milk + coconut oil. It’s a beautiful meal you are sure to enjoy. Get the Salmon with Coconut Milk Sauce recipe.

Side: Great side dish ideas include sautéed garden-fresh asparagus, wilted arugula, or steamed broccoli. Get the Spring Asparagus with Homemade Garlic Aioli recipe.

Dessert: We know this cake looks “too good to eat,” but trust us, it is too good not to eat! Go ahead, have a slice. Get the Grain Free Vanilla Chocolate Fudge Marble Cake recipe.

Wednesday:

Coconut Grass-fed Beef Stroganoff + Maple Glazed Carrots with Coconut Oil and Gluten Free Toasted Coconut Chocolate Cups

Entrée: This version of the classic Russian dish can be divided into half for 2 meals. The coconut flour is a great addition to the recipe for extra fiber. Coconut water vinegar adds flavor and tenderizes the meat, giving it a nice texture. Get the Coconut Grass-fed Beef Stroganoff recipe.

Side: Make an easy side dish with fresh carrots, coconut oil and spices. Get the Coconut Oil Sautéed Carrots recipe.

Dessert: There’s always room to squeeze in a small bit o’ something sweet after a satisfying meal. Get the Gluten Free Toasted Coconut Chocolate Cups recipe.

Thursday:

Thai Coconut Curry + Chile-Coconut Crusted Shrimp and Coconut Lime Fruit Salad

Entrée: Fragrant, colorful, and creamy, Thai Coconut Curry is an exotic yet comforting food, you can make at home. You’ll enjoy the flavor of nourishment, especially since this recipe includes our DIY for home made coconut milk – you can avoid the BPA from canned coconut milk. You’ll notice the freshness, it’s what good meals are made of. Get the Thai Coconut Curry recipe.

Side: Chile-Coconut Crusted Shrimp is a terrific appetizer. Get the Chile-Coconut Crusted Shrimp recipe.

Dessert: Fresh fruit tossed in a zesty lime dressing made with fresh home made coconut milk and topped off with shredded coconut. Get the Coconut Lime Fruit Salad recipe.

Friday:

Gluten Free Tropical BBQ Pizza + Grain Free Coconut Onion Rings and Gluten Free Molten Lava Chocolate Cake

Entrée: Make your own homemade gluten free, wheat free, grain free pizza following this detailed recipe using with coconut oil, almond flour and dried coconut. Get the Gluten Free Tropical BBQ Pizza recipe.

Side: Indulge in a coconut-filled version of the classic onion ring with coconut cream concentrate, dried coconut, and coconut oil. Not only are these healthy, but they’re also gluten free, grain free, wheat free and dairy free so they’re allergy friendly as well! Get the Grain Free Coconut Onion Rings recipe. + here is a recipe for Home Made Fresh Tomato Ketchup – get recipe.

Dessert: Chocolate, chocolate and more chocolate. Get the Gluten Free Molten Lava Chocolate Cake recipe.

Saturday:

Coconut Oil Seared Lamb Chops with Rosemary and Garlic + Raw Beet Salad and Coconut Coffee Ice Cream

Entrée: Don’t sacrifice the quality of your meal, ever, even when you’ve got limited time to spare for prep. This recipe helps you get food on the table fast, without using anything processed to cut down time, just sticking to the basics works well with a few key seasoning to bring out the natural, rich flavors of these beautiful, juicy lamb chops. Get the Coconut Oil Seared Lamb Chops with Rosemary and Garlic recipe.

Side: Beets are vibrant, refreshing, and full of flavor – sure to compliment the meal at hand by adding lively, bright notes of flavor to your healthy spring palate! The no-nonsense ingredient list includes Gold Label Virgin Coconut Oil and freshly squeezed organic lemons. Serve this lovely salad alongside juicy, sizzling grilled steaks, fragrant baked fish, or just down-to-earth simple-picnic-style with your favorite handcrafted sandwiches. Get the Raw Beet Salad recipe.

Dessert: Sweet n Creamy, home made ice cream. Get the Coconut Coffee Ice Cream recipe.

Sunday:

Roast Chicken with Coconut Oil + Coconut Sautéed Green Beans with Tomatoes and Pineapple Coconut Salad

Entrée: The recipe I have for you today is simple, but it makes one really tasty chicken. The key is in the basting and roasting. The recipe starts off on high heat, but after a few minutes it comes down to allow the chicken to roast slowly, locking the juices in and resulting in a moist, tender, juicy chicken. Get the Roast Chicken with Coconut Oil recipe.

Side: Fresh green beans sautéed in coconut oil with cherry tomatoes + optional grated Asiago or Parmesan cheese. Get the Coconut Sautéed Green Beans with Tomatoes recipe.

Dessert: Fresh pineapple fruit salad, sweetened with raw honey. Get the Pineapple Coconut Salad recipe.

Recipes courtesy of Free Coconut Recipes and Tropical Traditions: we feature many user submitted recipes and photos on our blog. Find out how you can submit your own recipes here.

Comment on this article on FreeCoconutRecipes.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32207,"by National Vaccine Information Center [1]

Please immediately contact your Congressional Representative and 2 U.S. Senators to OPPOSE H.R 1313 Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act [2]

This bill is sponsored by Rep. Foxx, Virginia [R-NC-5] [3]. It is attempting to coerce employees into employer disease prevention wellness programs. Section 3 (a) 2 refers to “workplace wellness programs and programs of health promotion or disease prevention offered by an employer.” The words disease prevention are concerning since not everyone agrees with the use of vaccines to prevent disease.

Section 2 (3) adds to this concern:

(3) in enacting the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148 [4]), Congress intended that employers would be permitted to implement health promotion and prevention programs that provide incentives, rewards, rebates, surcharges, penalties, or other inducements related to wellness programs, including rewards of up to 50 percent off of insurance premiums for employees participating in programs designed to encourage healthier lifestyle choices;

As well as Section 3 (c);

(c) Rule of construction.—Nothing in subsection (a)(1)(A) shall be construed to prevent an employer that is offering a wellness program to an employee from requiring such employee, within 45 days from the date the employee first has an opportunity to earn a reward, to request a reasonable alternative standard (or waiver of the otherwise applicable standard). Nothing in subsection (a)(1)(A) shall be construed to prevent an employer from imposing a reasonable time period, based upon all the facts and circumstances, during which the employee must complete the reasonable alternative standard. Such a reasonable alternative standard (or waiver of the otherwise applicable standard) is provided for in section 2705(j) (3)(D) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300 [5] gg–4(j)(3)(D)) (and any regulations promulgated with respect to such section by the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or the Secretary of the Treasury).

The concern is this bill if passed into law would be applied to penalize employees who do not get regular vaccines imposed by an employee wellness plan. HR 1313 is indeed a threat to anyone employed by a company or large organization that offers a “wellness” program and partners with government and Pharma to “give carrots and apply sticks” to employees who do or do not go along with government endorsed “standard of care,” which includes receipt of federally recommended vaccines [6], whether the language in this bill says the word “vaccine” or not.

Please go to the “National” Tab on NVIC Advocacy. [7] Your Congressional Representative and Two U.S. Senators will be listed on the right hand side of your personalized page. Click on their names for direct links to their contact information so you can voice your opposition to this bill.

Sincerely,

NVIC Advocacy Team

National Vaccine Information Center [8] and NVIC Advocacy Portal [9]

[10]

The National Vaccine Information Center (NVIC) works diligently to prepare and disseminate our legislative advocacy action alerts and supporting materials. We request that organizations and members of the public forward our alerts in their original form to assure consistent and accurate messaging and effective action. Please acknowledge NVIC as originators of this work when forwarding to members of the public and like-minded organizations. To receive alerts immediately, register at http://NVICAdvocacy.org [9], a website dedicated to this sole purpose and provided as a free public service by NVIC.

[11]

Read the full report at NVIC’s Facebook page here [1].

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. [12]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99 [15]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24641,"by NatureWorld News

Excerpts:

A high-fat, low-carbohydrate diet called ‘ketogenic diet’ could be used to control seizures in epilepsy patients. According to a latest study, there is a direct link between metabolism in brain cells and their ability to transmit signals.

The research by scientists at McGill University and the University of Zurich shows that metabolism can control “the processes that inhibits brain activity” seen in people with epilepsy. The study team wanted to know why putting children with epilepsy on high-fat and low-carb diet is effective in controlling seizures.

Other researchers had previously assumed that metabolism and signalling in brain cells are un-related processes. However, the current study shows that both the pathways are connected.

The ketogenic diet lost its popularity post-1950s after anticonvulsant drugs hit the market. But, these drugs carry many side-effects and also don’t work in about 20 percent of the patients. The current study might offer a different approach on controlling the condition.

The study is published in the journal Nature Communications.

Read the Full Story here: http://www.natureworldnews.com/articles/5661/20140116/ketogenic-diet-used-control-seizures.htm

Learn more about the ketogenic diet.

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24095,"Excerpts:

Researchers at health insurer Kaiser Permanente found mothers of children with autism were twice as likely to have been prescribed a common antidepressant during the year before their pregnancy than mothers of healthy children.

A team led by Lisa Croen, director of the Autism Research Program at the Kaiser Permanente Division of Research in Oakland, California, looked to see whether antidepressants known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, or SSRIs, contributed to autism risk.

The team studied nearly 300 children with autism and 1,500 randomly selected children and then checked their mothers’ medical records.

They found mothers of the children with autism were twice as likely to have taken an antidepressant in the year before delivery than children in the control group.

And the effect was strongest — three times higher — when the drugs were taken in the first trimester of pregnancy.

Read the full article here: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/43634951/ns/health-mental_health/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32727,"For the first time in over a year, Tropical Traditions is selling corn again. For the past few years, Tropical Traditions offered an open-pollinated organic heirloom corn and corn meal to its customers, grown by small-scale family farmers in Wisconsin. However, in the Fall of 2013, they found out that this corn had become contaminated with GMO DNA, and they were no longer able to offer it to their customers. Tropical Traditions has a ZERO tolerance level for the presence of GMOs and the herbicide glyphosate in their products. After much searching, the farmers in Wisconsin were able to purchase some seed corn for the 2014 crop that was open pollinated, and had tested to be free from GMO contamination. Knowing how far the wind can blow pollen from corn field to corn field, the farmers determined that simply shielding their corn from neighboring farms was not sufficient protection. Therefore, they calculated the time frame where they knew their neighbors' corn would be pollinating, based on when it was planted, and then planted their open pollinated GMO-tested corn at a later date, so that it would pollinate after the surrounding farms' cornfields were finished pollinating. In the Fall of 2014, this corn tested to be free of both GMOs and the herbicide glyphosate. It is now offered to the public, shipped direct from the farm as either whole kernel, or stone ground fresh into a corn meal.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32319,"Photo Credit: One Badger Farm LLC

by Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund

Excerpts:

On Sunday, April 7, Colorado farmers Ethan and Renee Abbott were sitting down to dinner with their two children, ages 7 and 4 months. Their family dinner was interrupted when some 15 law enforcement officers from Weld County showed up to handcuff and arrest Renee for an offense that had allegedly occurred several months earlier: “grazing animals in the municipal right of way.”

Renee was handcuffed in front of her children and dragged off to jail. The arresting officer told Ethan that she would be held without bail and would not be released until she appeared before a judge in the morning. Ethan was beside himself, as his 4-month-old son was exclusively breastfed and would surely need nourishment before the morning.

Ethan called the Farm-to-Consumer Legal Defense Fund Hotline and was connected to Attorney Elizabeth Rich. Elizabeth then called the Office of the Weld County Sheriff and lit into the deputy doing the booking for Renee about the officers dragging a nursing mother off to jail for an alleged, unproven, minor ordinance violation. She asked the deputy if there were any aggravating circumstances, such as resisting arrest, threats to the officers, or disorderly conduct. There were not.

The deputy doing the booking told Attorney Rich that he did “not appreciate [her] tone,” but he did agree to release Renee from custody. Shortly after the call, Ethan was able to pick up Renee and she was able nurse her hungry son.

The incident giving rise to the charge occurred earlier this year when someone sabotaged fencing on the Abbotts’ property, enabling their livestock to escape. The Abbotts were unaware that the livestock were loose until a deputy sheriff knocked on the Abbotts’ door and advised a very pregnant Renee that she needed to round up cows in the municipal right of way, she did so immediately—resulting in a fall and subsequent hospitalization. The ticket the deputy issued her for “grazing animals in the municipal right of way” formed the basis for the arrest on April 7th.

Under the county ordinance, there is no violation unless the trespass is willful and intentional. When the Abbotts complained about the sabotage of their fencing to the sheriff’s department; they were told that this was a civil matter and that the sheriff would not investigate. No date has been set for the hearing on Renee’s misdemeanor charge.

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.farmtoconsumer.org/news_wp/?p=7165",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24296,"by Ethan A. Huff

NaturalNews

(NaturalNews) The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recently issued a policy paper condemning the current Toxic Substances Control Act (TSC Act) for failing to properly regulate the tens of thousands of toxic chemicals used in various consumer products, many of which are especially dangerous to pregnant women and young children. Though correct in its identification of chemical use as a toxic threat to society’s most vulnerable individuals, the AAP hypocritically continues to support the intramuscular poisoning of children through vaccinations, which are loaded with toxic chemicals that are directly injected into children’s bodies.

Read the full article here: http://www.naturalnews.com/032241_pediatricians_toxic_chemicals.html

Non-toxic Household products

Saying NO To Vaccines

By Dr. Sherri Tenpenny

Retail: $$37.00

Now: $$33.65

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32600,"A study out of Malaysia shows that virgin coconut oil may function better than commercial ""artificial tears"" products in rewetting dry eyes. The title of the study is A Pilot Study: The Efficacy of Virgin Coconut Oil as Ocular Rewetting Agent on Rabbit Eyes and was published in the journal Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine, February, 2015.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43800,"by AboutLawsuits.com

More than 190 American women may have died as a result of the potential side effects of Yaz and Yasmin birth control pills, according to an organization devoted to curbing corporate misbehavior by Bayer.

The Germany-based Coalition against Bayer Dangers (CBG) reports that a search of the FDA’s adverse events database reveals that there have been 140 Yasmin deaths reported in connection to the use of the birth control pill and another 50 Yaz deaths reported in connection with the newer version of the drug.

The numbers presented by the group only account for women in the United States, and do not count the deaths of other women worldwide who took Yaz or Yasmin birth control. Many of the victims are young women who had few or no health problems, but suddenly developed blood clots, pulmonary embolisms, suffered a stroke or gallbladder disease after taking Yaz or Yasmin.

Read the full article here: http://www.aboutlawsuits.com/yaz-yasmin-deaths-in-united-states-17556/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23755,"By Christina England

vactruth.com

Documentation received from the National Coalition of Organized Women (NCOW) states that between 2009 and 2010 the mercury-laden combined flu vaccinations have increased Vaccine Adverse Events Reporting Systems (VAERS) fetal death reports by 4,250 percent in pregnant women. Eileen Dannemann, NCOW’s director, made abundantly clear that despite these figures being known to […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24210,"Read this before you consider purchasing a hazmat suit to protect yourself from Ebola!

By John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Are we facing an Ebola pandemic that will kill millions, or is this just a marketing plan of the pharmaceutical industry to sell more drugs and vaccines? Is the current strain of the Ebola virus a secret creation of pharmaceutical company scientists, biological warfare researchers, or the fruit of Monsanto’s product development team?

Was Ebola created, or did it just accidentally spill over into humans from an animal host such as African fruit bats?

Is the US government intentionally not taking strong action to prevent Ebola from spreading or is there really minimal risk to Americans? Are there groups that want to decrease the world population through spreading contagious diseases such as Ebola, or is this just another imaginary plan that is being reported by certain conspiracy theory groups?

Is the Ebola virus a local epidemic, a global pandemic, or a hoax? Is life in America as we have known it about to collapse into chaos and martial law, or will we be safe and secure once we take the Ebola vaccine?

Will more people die from the Ebola vaccine than would have died from the disease itself?

All these questions have been circulating through the media over the last few months. The situation with Ebola is certainly a complex muddle of contradictory facts, opposing interpretations, and political intrigue. It reminds me very much of the 1976 Swine flu hoax — commonly called the swine flu fiasco or the swine flu debacle.

The Relationship between the 1976 Swine Flu Hoax and Ebola Zaire

To better interpret what is happening with the current Ebola situation, it will be helpful to look at one of the great American examples of health policy gone awry.

For those who don’t remember the 1976 swine flu threat or weren’t living in that era of history, it will be useful to compare the past events to our current situation with Ebola.

In 1976, I was a junior in college. A friend convinced me that I should be concerned about the swine flu that was predicted to devastate the US population. Millions of people were expected to die unless we all lined up and took the flu shot. Reluctantly I gave in to my friends fear and we went and got the vaccine.

Four years later, when I was a public health graduate student, we were required to read a book about the 1976 swine flu hoax. I was shocked by what I read. I was so naive! As a 23 year old graduate student, I found it hard to believe that the system failed so badly. At that time, I truly believed that government officials, physicians, scientists, pharmaceutical companies, and of course public health agencies were all working to promote the health of Americans.

It was disturbing and shocking to learn that faulty scientific interpretations, partisan political interests, opportunities for corporate profit, and personal pride and desire for career advancement were the powerful driving forces behind the development of the 1976 swine flu program.

The whole thing began in February 1976 when an Army recruit at Fort Dix, New Jersey, fell ill and died from a swine flu virus thought to be similar to the 1918 strain, which killed an estimated 500,000 Americans. Based on a relative similarity with the 1918 swine flu, it was determined that millions might soon die unless the US government mobilized a powerful response to protect Americans. It was time to pull out all the stops and show how the public health system could effectively prevent a disaster.

During the spring and summer of 1976, pharmaceutical companies went to work making and stockpiling millions of doses of swine flu vaccine. Then the government went to work inducing sufficient fear among Americans to motivate us to roll up our sleeves and take the shot. We saw pictures of President Gerald Ford receiving his shot, and many of us did the same patriotic deed in the year of our nation’s bicentennial birthday. Taking the vaccine was in many ways advertised as an act of patriotism as well as an act of self-preservation.

Well, in retrospect, the swine flu epidemic of 1976 never developed. It wasn’t because 40 million Americans took the shot. It was because the swine flu never existed. It was nothing more than poor science, flawed judgments and wishful thinking. In short we all were part of a grand hoax.

After all the hype, and only one death and 13 cases of the swine flu, [1] the vaccination program was abruptly cancelled after 10 weeks.

The vaccine program was discontinued on December 16, 1976, because of severe adverse reactions. More than 500 people are thought to have developed Guillain-Barre syndrome after receiving the vaccine, and 25 died from the unexpected adverse reaction. [2, 3]

Guillain-Barre syndrome is a neurological condition which causes temporary paralysis that can lead to death. More people died from the flu vaccine than died from the flu.

Could Ebola be another Grand Hoax in the Making?

At this point I don’t think we can be sure the threat is real. Why would I say such a thing when we know that thousands have died in Africa from the Ebola virus?

This is what the World Health Organization (WHO) has to say about the deaths from Ebola. Please take note of the words that I emphasized with bold type. The report dated October 8, 2014 states:

The total number of confirmed, probable, and suspected cases … in the West African epidemic of Ebola virus disease reported up to the end of October 5, 2014 … is 8033 with 3865 deaths. Countries affected are Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Senegal, Sierra Leone, and the United States of America [1 man who travelled from Africa to Texas recently died from Ebola]. A confirmed case of Ebola has been reported in Spain. [4]

I highlighted the words “confirmed, probable, and suspected” in the preceding paragraph, because the number of affected persons and the number of deaths are not all based on scientific testing. The truth is that the WHO numbers simply represent a belief about Ebola incidence and fatalities. People are constantly getting sick and dying in Africa just as they are in the US. In the current situation, where Ebola is likely on the minds of every doctor and nurse in western Africa, it is natural to attribute deaths to Ebola.

Having been part of the public health system as a young person, it is clear to me that we make assumptions, even though our training cautioned us against such behavior. Just as generals in the military can’t wait for the next war so that they can go to work doing what they have spent a lifetime studying — leaders of the public health system, such as those in the World Health Organization, are eager to grab at any opportunity to find a disease threat and to eradicate it. After all, that is their job. Generals and public health officials both think in terms of the next battle to be fought. That is what they will do even when the threat is minimal or maybe does not actually exist. Are the generals of pandemic warfare at the World Health Organization making inferences and assumptions, which might just prove to be wrong?

Is Ebola Testing Accurate?

I read a series of investigate reports from Jon Rappoport which presented stunning evidence that the standard Ebola tests are anything but accurate. He quotes from a Department of Defense manual and explains the instructions concerning Ebola diagnosis. His report states:

The standard test for diagnosing Ebola is the PCR, which has many flaws that render it misleading and useless. Therefore, “diagnosed with Ebola,” through the PCR test, means nothing. “Ebola” could be flu, could be “drinking contaminated water,” could be any number of non-Ebola conditions. So when the authorities report there are 6000 cases of Ebola and 3000 deaths, or when they report that two patients in the US have Ebola, they’re relying on a diagnostic test that can’t confirm any of these assertions is true. This is verified in spades by a Department of Defense manual. The title is: “Ebola Zaire (EZ1) rRT-PCR (TaqMan®) Assay on ABI 7500 Fast Dx, LightCycler, & JBAIDS: INSTRUCTION BOOKLET” published by “Joint Project Manager Medical Countermeasures Systems.” It is dated 14 August 2014. Under the title is the statement: “Manufactured by the Naval Medical Research Center for the US DOD.” Here is a quote [from the Department of Defense manual]: “[The PCR test] should not be used as the sole basis for patient management decisions. Results [of the PCR] are for the presumptive identification of the Ebola Zaire virus (detected in the West Africa outbreak in 2014).” Translation: “The word ‘presumptive’ means ‘we’re not sure’. And that’s right. We’re not sure. Don’t rely on the PCR for a definitive diagnosis of Ebola.” Here is the final quote: “The definitive identification of the Ebola Zaire virus (detected in the West Africa outbreak in 2014) requires additional testing and confirmation procedures in consultation with public health or other authorities for whom reporting is required. The diagnosis of Ebola Zaire virus (detected in the West Africa outbreak in 2014) infection must be made based on history, signs, symptoms, exposure likelihood, and other laboratory evidence in addition to the identification of the Ebola Zaire virus (detected in the West Africa outbreak in 2014) by this [PCR] test.” That’s the capper. It baldly states that other diagnostic tests must be run. I can tell you what those other tests should be. One, purification and direct isolation of the virus from the patient; and two, a test to determine the amount of virus in the patient—because millions and millions of active Ebola virus must be present in the patient to even begin to say he is “an Ebola case.” [5]

Do the preceding comments from Jon Rappoport disturb you? Maybe there aren’t as many true cases of Ebola as are being reported. The WHO wants us to believe there is an out of control epidemic in Africa, and they are reporting that their numbers are far below the actual cases of Ebola. We are told that African health officials are so overwhelmed that they can’t even count or report all the Ebola cases. [6]

Jon Rappoport finished his post with this statement:

Press reports are mentioning the fact that far fewer “Ebola patients” than expected are showing blood hemorrhaging. Another tip-off that the PCR test is bringing into the fold “presumptive cases of Ebola”—people who are suffering from factors that have nothing to do with Ebola. [7, 8]

Are other Diseases being Confused with Ebola?

There might be any number of diseases or health conditions that may have symptoms similar to Ebola virus disease. Acute pesticide exposure, acute chemical exposure from an unknown source, or just a common variety of flu could all be confused with true cases of Ebola. If health workers are as overwhelmed as has been reported, then confusion is likely.

An example of this confusion is provided by Jon Rappoport in another article. He states:

Take this example—a farming village in Liberia, one of the so-called epicenters of Ebola. The families manage to produce enough to get by. They live downstream from a giant Firestone rubber plantation. For years, to no avail, the people of the village have been protesting the runoff of noxious elements into their water supply. Fish are dying. Crops are failing. That means malnutrition, hunger. That means chemical assault on their immune systems. People are developing sores, lesions, fevers, respiratory problems, digestive problems, including diarrhea. How easy is it to call this Ebola, in light of the current hysteria? [9]

Is it Coincidence that the “Epidemic” and the Vaccine are Arriving Together?

I must wonder how it is that the Ebola vaccine is almost ready for distribution at the same time that we are being told to brace ourselves, because the Ebola virus is on the verge of becoming a worldwide pandemic that could kill millions of us. Here are a few facts that you might find of interest concerning this coincidence.

Major grants have been given by the US military to develop Ebola drugs for the treatment of people who might be exposed to Ebola. In 2006, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. was reported to gain $$23 million over the next four years from an anti-terror drug development contract from the US Defense Department. [10] In 2010, Tekmira was awarded up to 140 million dollars to develop a drug that would prevent Ebola from being turned into a bioterrorism weapon. [11] (See also: U.S. Military Starts Producing Vaccines: New Billion Dollar Experimental Vaccine Market? and The Pentagon’s Vaccine Factories.)

Monsanto has now partnered with the Department of Defense to use a proxy third party company (Tekmira Pharmaceuticals Corporation) to develop a vaccine against Ebola. The seed money began at $$1.5 million. The value of the deal could grow to an estimated $$86 million dollars. [12] In 2013, the Vanderbilt Vaccine Center at Vanderbilt University also received a $$4.4 million grant from the US Department of Defense for Ebola vaccine development and other Ebola treatments. [13]

Is Ebola a Threat or a Hoax?

I wish I could definitively tell you whether Ebola is a real threat or a hoax. Based on what I know about the corruption in the pharmaceutical industry, conflicts of interest among political leaders, corporate influence over government agencies, and the agenda of the World Health Organization, I have to say that the truth is buried among a mountain of lies, disinformation, and rapidly changing assumptions.

Should we be concerned about Ebola? Should we be afraid? Should we do whatever we are told by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), which just happens to hold the patent on this strain of the Ebola virus and all future strains of Ebola? [14]

Even if Ebola is truly a threat, I don’t recommend spending a lot of time worrying about it. I, however, do recommend taking several positive actions.

My recommendations fall into two groups.

First everyone who is concerned about any form of viral or bacterial infection needs to fortify his or her immune system. (See recommendations below.)

The second suggestion involves doing everything you can to avoid taking the Ebola vaccine when it is made available. A strong immune system is the best defense against Ebola. The vaccine will not be a true prevention, and is likely to be filled with toxic substances that will compromise your immune system.

If I am wrong, and the Ebola virus becomes a real threat, then my suggestions regarding building up your immune system will substantially lower your risk of being infected by the Ebola virus. If I am right and there really is little to worry about, then the recommendations will simply give you a stronger immune system, which is a good position to be in regardless of any known or unknown viral threats.

The bottom line is that we do not need to resign control over our health to a government agency or to a pharmaceutical company. We do not need to become helpless victims of an invisible threat if it does exist. We have strong options to lower the risk of contracting this disease and surviving it if we are infected. We have options and we do not need to live in terror of a viral menace!

Does the Conventional Medical System Have a Cure for Ebola?

Scientists from the University of Texas Health Science Center at San Antonio, Texas, indicate that the conventional medical system does not have a curative treatment for Ebola. Even treatments that are being developed by pharmaceutical companies are described as palliative.

Palliative means partial. Thus, the new pharmaceutical drugs for treating cases of Ebola will not be a cure, but will offer partial treatment to those who contract Ebola. Pharmaceutical companies are also working on Ebola vaccines. They hope to begin selling an Ebola vaccine in 2015. [15]

All Ebola Treatments are Experimental

At this point, in October of 2014, we do not have any scientific research which can prove that any specific treatment is effective for curing people who become infected with the currently active strain of Ebola. [16]

At first glance, this might cause some people to fall into a panic about the situation. The good news is that alternative healthcare practitioners have numerous treatments that might be helpful against the Ebola virus. Of course, the herbs, vitamins, and essential oils that could be potentially beneficial, have not been proven as being effective against Ebola. Thus, the pharmaceutical companies and alternative healthcare practitioners are in the same boat. Neither group can claim that they have the cure for Ebola.

At this point, all treatments are experimental. [17] We won’t be able to identify the best treatments until people who actually have the disease are treated for it by conventional and alternative healthcare providers.

It’s Your Immune System that will Cure Ebola

Ultimately, people who contract the disease and survive will need to depend on a strong immune system for survival. The vaccine will not cure a person who already has Ebola. Pharmaceuticals and natural substances will help. But protection from Ebola, if it becomes a real threat, depends on our natural ability to resist viral diseases and the availability of very basic medical care such as proper nutrition and hydration.

USA Today reports Dr. Anthony Faucithe’s analysis of the Ebola situation. He is the longtime director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Dr. Faucithe states:

The most powerful tool against the outbreak is basic medical care. Drugs under development will not be a big part of the solution. They are too early in development for enough doses to be manufactured, even if they are shown to be safe. The real area of focus, he said, should be setting up medical infrastructure in the affected countries to provide sick people with basic medical support such as replacement fluids and blood. That will have a much bigger effect on health than a few batches of experimental medications. “That’s the way you help people,” he said. “The idea of ‘What are we going to do with these four treatment courses we have?’ is almost irrelevant of the big picture of the lives that you can save mainly by getting people into proper care.” [18]

Building Up the Immune System

A strong immune system is the best defense for fighting Ebola or any other viral infection. Building a strong immune system involves many factors. It begins with turning away from the standard American high sugar, high carbohydrate, low fat, and highly processed diet. This diet suppresses the immune system.

People who have been weakened by chronic poor nutrition from a standard American style diet, and who are exposed to environmental chemicals, numerous food additives such as preservatives, pesticides and highly processed food ingredients will have a much more difficult time fighting Ebola if they happen to contact the virus.

Fighting Ebola Does not Need to be Complicated

We have been led to believe that our only hope is in the magic formulas and expensive potions of the pharmaceutical industry, but this is quite far from the truth. There are many treatments, which both prevent and cure viral infections. I will discuss a few of the options in the following sections.

Ultraviolet Light from the Sun

Ultraviolet radiation from the sun can be important for Ebola prevention and treatment. The Ebola virus is inactivated when it is exposed to UV radiation. [19] UV light is contained in unfiltered natural sunlight and is available from manmade sources. The Ebola virus can survive in liquid or dried material for a number of days once it leaves the body of the host. [20] This means that hygiene is important for preventing the spread of the virus.

Health Engineers have actually developed a UV robot that can be sent into an area that might contain viruses and/or bacteria and completely disinfect the environment in 2 minutes. This means that high risk environments for Ebola transmission could be easily treated every day if needed. [21]

Vitamin D

Vitamin D is produced in the human body when our skin is exposed to direct sun light. Longtime proponent of vitamin D therapy, Dr. Joseph Mercola, reminds us that vitamin D is essential for healthy immune system functioning. He states:

Regular sun exposure will help optimize your vitamin D, which is crucial for overall robust immune function. Americans in particular may want to take that advice to heart, seeing how most are vitamin D deficient and therefore more open to infections of all kinds. [22]

Vitamin D supplementation is usually needed by people who live in northern climates and are not able to obtain adequate sun exposure.

Vitamin C

Vitamin C destroys viruses or sets them up for destruction by the immune system. Oral doses of high quality vitamin C will prevent viral infections, and intravenous (IV) vitamin C therapy can be used as a powerful cure for active cases of Ebola and other viral infections.

In an article about treating Ebola infection, Dr. Thomas E. Levy, MD, JD recently stated:

To date, not a single virus has been tested that is not inactivated (killed) by a large enough dose of vitamin C (ascorbic acid). Many other antioxidants have similar virucidal effects, but vitamin C appears uniquely to be of greatest potency and clinical efficacy, as its simple chemical structure allows for it to be disseminated throughout the body with little restriction. … Vitamin C is both very potent and optimally bioavailable in accessing any viral infection. [23]

Homeopathic Remedies for Ebola

Many people have found that homeopathic treatments for viral infections have been quite effective.

Dr. Eileen Nauman sites some of the homeopathic remedies that can be useful for treating Ebola. The excerpt from her book states:

Dr. Vickie Menear, MD and homeopath, found that the remedy that most closely fit the symptoms of the 1914 “flu” virus, Crotalus Horridus [rattlesnake venom], also fits the Ebola virus nearly 95% symptom-wise. During the Spanish influenza epidemic of 1918, eighty percent of the people treated with allopathic drugs died. Eighty percent of the people who took homeopathic remedies, mostly Crotalus Horridus, survived. [24]

Please note: it is not a good idea to try and make your own homeopathic remedy from live Ebola virus. If you wish to use homeopathic treatments, then please consult a qualified homeopathic practitioner.

Silver

The Alliance for Natural Health provides information about Ebola and silver. They state:

Silver … has been used as an antimicrobial for thousands of years. It’s a powerful antibiotic, attacking all kinds of bacteria in a three-pronged attack. … Silver can be used as a method for disinfecting water of both bacteria and viruses. Since disinfecting contaminated environments is the most effective method of halting Ebola’s spread, silver could be a most potent weapon in the battle. Silver has also showed great promise as an antiviral, in both attacking the virus and in inhibiting transmission. So far, silver has been tested on HIV and herpes. [25]

Red Algae

A substance manufactured in the human body and also found in red algae is useful against Ebola virus. The substance is called mannose-binding lectin. It has a powerful ability to breakdown difficult to destroy viruses such as Ebola. People who have low levels of mannose-binding lectins will have more difficulty destroying the Ebola virus if it enters their bodies. [26]

The most promising form of mannose-binding lectin is a component of the Scytonema varium red algae called Scytovirin. Another anti-viral extract was found from the New Zealand red alga species, Griffithsia sp. This protein is called Griffithsin. [27]

Naturopathic doctor Case Adams explains that red algae can be taken as a supplement against Ebola. He states:

As to whether red algae can be taken in natural form to increase immunity, there is no doubt this is the case. Prior to this antiviral research that has spiraled into biopharm research, red algae had been shown to have antiviral and anticancer effects. So the most logical answer is “yes” – certainly consuming red algae in supplement form has been found to boost antiviral immunity, and from the available research, blood levels of mannose-binding lectins. This should in turn boost immunity and create a natural method of preventing and even treating viral infections such as Ebola, SARS, HIV and Hepatitis-C. [28]

Melatonin

Researchers who specialize in the study of melatonin have published a report showing that melatonin could be a valuable treatment for treating Ebola infections. Melatonin is most commonly thought of as a hormone that is essential to normal sleep, but it is also a pervasive and powerful antioxidant that protects DNA. The report indicates that melatonin can be used to address severe symptoms of Ebola infection. These include endothelial disruption, disseminated intravascular coagulation (formation of blood clots in the small blood vessels throughout the body), and multiple organ hemorrhage, which commonly occur with an Ebola infection.

They indicated that there are numerous similarities between Ebola virus infection and septic shock. Melatonin has been successfully employed for the treatment of sepsis in many experimental and clinical studies. It could be useful for Ebola as well.

They are encouraging the use of melatonin for Ebola treatment, because there are a limited number of Ebola treatments and a very limited inventory of pharmaceutical drugs for Ebola. Additionally, they are encouraging the use of melatonin, because it has a high safety profile, is readily available and can be orally self-administered. Thus, the use of melatonin would be compatible with situations where there is a large scale outbreak of this infection. [29]

Essential Oils

There are many essential oils that are known to kill viruses. Some of these oils were recognized as effective in previous historical plagues, before they were known as “essential oils,” which is a more modern term. The French perfumers in particular had special plant oils that proved to be effective against many of the historical plagues of the past.

Unfortunately, much of the online knowledge about which essential oils might be effective against Ebola were contained on websites selling these essential oils. Recently, the FDA decided to attack the two largest distributors of essential oils, and force them to remove this information. (See: FDA Targets Essentials Oils: Sees EOs as Threat to New Ebola Drugs?).

The best place to find this information today is probably via books on the subject. If you have the ability to search the Internet in other languages, you might want to try searching in Mandarin Chinese, as the Chinese have a strong herbal and essential oil history.

Pure plant oils are a direct threat to pharmaceutical products, and it appears that the government has used the “Ebola crisis” to finally go after distributors of these essential oils and force them to remove all health claims from the Internet. For an overview on the health benefits of essential oils see my previous article: Using Essential Oils to Cure Disease. We will soon be offering all of my articles on this topic together in an eBook format.

Combining Ebola Treatment Strategies

Dr. Brownstein is a well-known alternative healthcare physician who has done extensive research to help his patients use natural substances to prevent and overcome illnesses. His most recent recommendations, published last week, will help you build up your immune system and respond to the Ebola virus if you encounter it. His recommendations include dosages, which could help you and your healthcare provider use safe alternatives if you need treatment for Ebola virus infection. Dr. Brownstein states:

I say, if you become ill with a viral illness, do the basics to help optimize your immune system. I will show you the four most important items you can use to aid your immune system to fight any illness. The most important item is vitamin C. Humans are not able to manufacture vitamin C. Either we get enough vitamin C from our diet or the immune system will not function optimally and we will be more prone to becoming ill with various infections, Ebola included. Throughout the medical literature there are many case histories of vitamin C curing viral and other infectious illnesses. Vitamin C activates the immune system so that it can fight any infection. How much vitamin C should you take? I would suggest taking at least 5,000 mg of vitamin C on a daily basis. If you become ill with any infectious agent, take more as the body’s requirements dramatically increase when it is confronted with an infectious agent. Intravenous vitamin C should be given to all Ebola patients. Though it has not been studied, I have no doubt that IV vitamin C would be a great benefit to any patient suffering not only from Ebola but from any infectious agent. In my practice, I have used IV vitamin C for over 20 years. Anytime the body is stressed, vitamin C requirements are elevated. IV vitamin C achieves a much higher serum level as compared to oral vitamin C. IV vitamin C should be a standard-of-care treatment for all Ebola patients. What else can you take to prevent a viral infection? I would suggest taking vitamin A. Vitamin A is integral for the maintenance and functioning of the immune system. In acute viral illnesses, I have found short courses of vitamin A (not beta carotene) very helpful. From 10-100,000 U of vitamin A per day for a few days to a few weeks can stimulate the immune system to fight viral infections. Vitamin D is also important. Over 80% of patients are deficient in vitamin D. Maintaining adequate vitamin D levels helps lead to a strong immune system. For most patients, I suggest taking 2-6,000 U of vitamin D3 per day. In times of acute illnesses, 50,000 U of vitamin D3 per day for a few days has proven extremely helpful. Iodine is essential. No virus, bacteria, or parasite has been shown to be resistant to iodine. Iodine levels have fallen over 50% during the last 40 years. Maintaining iodine sufficiency is one of the most important things you can do to help your immune system. For most patients, I have found 12-50 mg/day can supply the body with the correct amount of iodine. I do not suggest you try taking these large doses of nutrients without seeing a health care provider knowledgeable about natural agents. A competent health care provider can order the appropriate tests and guide you in which therapy is best for you. [30]

Conclusion: Fear May be More Toxic than Ebola

I think there is a high possibility the mainstream media will soon be reporting that the people of the United States are in very serious danger from Ebola, and we must take precautions. We may be told that millions will likely die unless every last American takes the Ebola vaccine. We may be under strong pressure from government leaders, business leaders, religious leaders, and civil authorities to take the vaccine.

According to public health data, it appears that 50% to 90% of people who are infected with Ebola will die even with conventional medical help. As stated earlier, we cannot be sure that the number of deaths that are attributed to Ebola is accurate, thus, the death rate from Ebola could be lower than is claimed.

There are quite a few natural approaches to Ebola prevention and treatment. We do not have to hide in our homes in fear or put on a hazmat suit to go out into public.

It is advised that we clean up our diet, build up our immune system, and send away the fear demons who want us to fall into a hopeless state of despair, so that we will do whatever we are told. Regardless of whether the threat from Ebola materializes in the US, we do not have to become helpless victims. We do not need to fall prey to fear.

This is important, because people are increasingly becoming more and more fearful as news reports fan the flames of an approaching epidemic. When people do not understand a disease such as Ebola, the natural reaction is fear. If people feel there might not be any help for them and their families if they get the disease, the natural reaction is fear. Sustained fear suppresses the immune system. [31] Unrelenting fear can actually contribute to the likelihood of developing Ebola disease if the virus is contacted. In this sense, fear can help spread the disease in a community by lowering the functioning of our immune systems.

A discussion of Ebola or any other threat of epidemic disease would not be complete without mentioning the existence of God and the power of prayer. Those who have a relationship with God will be empowered to enter into His peace and to live under His protection. Those who lack such a relationship may find themselves doing battle with fear, and its friends panic and terror.

If we expect to see Ebola spread through America and we fear for our lives and the lives of our families, then we are putting ourselves under stress. Fear is a tricky fellow. It doesn’t work to tell yourself, “I will not be afraid.” What does work is to prayerfully live in relationship with God who can relieve us of our fear and allow us to live day by day under His care. Those who live in the way of His peace know where they are headed and will be able to trust in Him regardless of what happens.

About the Author

John P. Thomas is a health writer for Health Impact News. He holds a B.A. in Psychology from the University of Michigan, and a Master of Science in Public Health (M.S.P.H.) from the School of Public Health, Department of Health Administration, at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

References

[1] Gaydos JC1, Top FH Jr, Hodder RA, Russell PK.; “Swine influenza a outbreak, Fort Dix, New Jersey, 1976,” Emerg Infect Dis. 2006 Jan, PMID: 16494712.

[2] “Swine flu ‘debacle’ of 1976 is recalled,” Shari Roan, Los Angeles Times, April 27, 2009, Retrieved 10/10/14. http://articles.latimes.com/2009/apr/27/science/sci-swine-history27

[3] “Reflections on the 1976 Swine Flu Vaccination Program,” David J. Sencer and J. Donald Millar, Emerging Infectious Disease journal – CDC, Volume 12, Number 1—January 2006, Retrieved 10/10/14. http://wwwnc.cdc.gov/eid/article/12/1/05-1007_article

[4] “WHO: Ebola Response Roadmap Situation Report,” World Health Organization, PDF Retrieved 10/10/14. http://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/10665/136020/1/roadmapsitrep_8Oct2014_eng.pdf?ua=1

[5] “Dept. of Defense Ebola manual: smoking guns,” Jon Rappoport, NoMoreFakeNews.com, October 9, 2014, Retrieved 10/10/2014. http://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/2014/10/09/dept-of-defense-ebola-manual-smoking-guns/

[6] “WHO: Ebola Response Roadmap Situation Report,” World Health Organization, PDF Retrieved 10/10/14. http://apps.who.int/iris/bitstream/10665/136020/1/roadmapsitrep_8Oct2014_eng.pdf?ua=1

[7] “Dept. of Defense Ebola manual: smoking guns,” Jon Rappoport, NoMoreFakeNews.com, October 9, 2014, Retrieved 10/10/2014. http://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/2014/10/09/dept-of-defense-ebola-manual-smoking-guns/

[8] “Ebola,” Jon Rappoport’s Blog, entries about Ebola, NoMoreFakeNews.co. http://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/category/ebola/

[9] “Death doesn’t =someone’s opinion about death,” Jon Rappoport, October 8, 2014, Retrieved 10/10/14. http://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/2014/10/08/death-doesnt-someones-opinion-about-death/

[10] “Grant Gives Alnylam $$23M For Anti-Ebola Virus Work,” Randall Osborne, BioWorld, September 29, 2006, Retrieved 10/10/14. http://www.bioworld.com/content/grant-gives-alnylam-23m-anti-ebola-virus-work-0

[11] “Tekmira Nails $$140M Defense Contract to Make RNAi Drug for Ebola,” Luke Timmerman, Xconomy, July 15, 2010, Retrieved 10/10/14. http://www.xconomy.com/seattle/2010/07/15/tekmira-nails-140m-defense-contract-to-make-rnai-drug-for-ebola/

[12] “The Monsanto Sponsored Ebola Vaccine Will Kill More People Than the Ebola Itself,” Dave Hodges, The Common Sense Show, August 4, 2014, Retrieved 10/10/14. http://www.thecommonsenseshow.com/2014/08/04/the-monsanto-sponsored-ebola-vaccine-will-kill-more-people-than-the-ebola-itself/

[13] “DoD may send personnel to Africa to help fight Ebola epidemic,” Navy Times, navytimes.com, August 1, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.navytimes.com/article/20140801/NEWS08/308010074/DoD-may-send-personnel-Africa-help-fight-Ebola-epidemic

[14] “The CDC, NIH & Bill Gates Own the Patents On Existing Ebola & Related Vaccines: Mandatory Vaccinations Are Near,” Dave Hodges, The Common Sense Show, September 17, 2014, Retrieved 10/10/14. http://www.thecommonsenseshow.com/2014/09/17/the-cdc-nih-bill-gates-own-the-patents-on-existing-ebola-related-vaccines-mandatory-vaccinations-are-near/

[15] Tan DX1, Reiter RJ, Manchester LC.; “Ebola virus disease: Potential use of melatonin as a treatment,” J Pineal Res. 2014 Sep 27, PMID: 25262626.

[16] IBID.

[17] “Episode 6: Antiviral herbal medicines vs. Ebola and other viral pandemics,” Mike Adams, Health Ranger, – BioDefense.com, Reference to a video teaching session, Retrieved 10/9/14. http://biodefense.com/Pandemic-Preparedness-Episode-06.html

[18] “Fauci: New drugs not the best answer for Ebola,” Karen Weintraub, USA Today, August 6, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/08/06/fauci-ebola-drugs/13672605/

[19] “Infectious Disease Index – Ebola virus,” MSDSonline, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.msdsonline.com/resources/msds-resources/free-safety-data-sheet-index/ebola-virus.aspx

[20] IBID.

[21] “Ultraviolet light robot kills Ebola in two minutes; why doesn’t every hospital have one of these?” Mike Adams, NaturalNews.com, 10/11/14, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.naturalnews.com/047216_Ebola_contamination_Xenex_ultraviolet_light.html

[22] “Should You Worry About an Ebola Outbreak in the US?” Mercola.com, August 19, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2014/08/19/ebola-outbreak.aspx

[23] “Ebola virus can be destroyed naturally without side effects,” Thomas E. Levy, MD, JD, Natural Health 365, August 3, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.naturalhealth365.com/natural_cures/ebola-virus-thomas-levy-1095.html

[24] “CURE FOR EBOLA VIRUS,” Dr. Eileen Nauman, Retrieved 10/14/10. http://www.lightparty.com/Health/EbolaCure.html

[25] “Ebola: WHO Turns To Experimental Drugs, But Not Proven Natural Remedies,” Alliance for Natural Health, September 2, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.anh-usa.org/ebola-who-turns-to-experimental-drugs-but-not-proven-natural-remedies/

[26] “Red Algae Extract Treats Ebola … and HIV, SARS and HCV,” Case Adams, Naturopath, GreenMedInfo, October 9, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.realnatural.org/red-algae-extract-treats-ebola-and-hiv-sars-and-hcv/

[27] IBID.

[28] IBID.

[29] Tan DX1, Reiter RJ, Manchester LC.; “Ebola virus disease: Potential use of melatonin as a treatment,” J Pineal Res. 2014 Sep 27, PMID: 25262626.

[30] “What Can You Do to Prevent/Treat Ebola and Other Viral Infections,” Dr. Brownstein, October 10, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://blog.drbrownstein.com/what-can-you-do-to-preventtreat-ebola/

[31] “Natural Treatments for Ebola Virus Exist, Research Suggests,” (Page 2), Sayer Ji, GreenMedInfo, August 1, 2014, Retrieved 10/14/14. http://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/natural-treatments-ebola-virus-exist-research-suggests?page=2",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32629,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

They just wanted to honor a dying grandmother’s deathbed wish to see her grandbabies one time before she leaves this earth. Now, thanks to the intervention of a Texas Ranger and CPS, that may never happen. Ahmed and Olubunmi Giwa were arrested last weekend and all of their children seized by Child Protective Services when they tried to fly out on an emergency trip to see Mr. Giwa’s mother. Olubunmi doesn’t understand why they are doing this to her family:

What human being would not understand a dying person’s wish to see their grandchildren before she passes? CPS is denying her dying wish! This is a humanitarian issue. They’ve turned themselves into God.

Ahmed’s mother is reportedly doing very poorly. The family was simply planning to visit her in Nigeria for a couple of days. They had return tickets for everyone, and their car was parked in the parking deck at the airport the whole time.

Ali Giwa was medically kidnapped on April 14, 2015, by Harris County CPS – a county the family doesn’t even live in – on allegations of “failure to thrive.” It is still unclear how Harris County has jurisdiction in this case. Though Ali has some developmental delays, CPS never mentioned to the judge that he is in the 75th percentile with his height and weight. He was returned home on July 29, but the bizarre case remained open.

Now, CPS has taken the 2 year old’s twin sister and his 3 year old sister as well and placed them into foster care, accusing his parents of “interfering with child custody” and attempted international kidnapping, of their own children.

Medical Kidnap first reported the Giwas’ story in May of 2015, after Randy Wallace of Fox 26 Houston broke the story:

Later, we reported that the Giwas were told that they had to fire their attorney Julie Ketterman, who is known for her tenacity in fighting CPS, if they ever wanted to see their son Ali again. They were also placed under a gag order, and forced to sign a “Rule 11 Agreement” as a condition for getting their son back.

On Saturday, November 7, the Giwa family drove to the airport in Dallas, Texas. However, CPS had flagged the children’s passports. When they arrived in Dallas, they were detained by Dallas Customs and Immigration, and the Border Patrol. They explained what CPS has done to them, and asked the authorities to do their research.

A CPS social worker went to the airport, demanding that the Giwas be arrested. The customs and border patrol official reportedly researched the issue and found the coverage of their story online by Randy Wallace of Fox 26 and by Medical Kidnap. They reportedly recognized that the family has done nothing wrong, and refused to arrest Ahmed and Olubunmi. They were prepared to allow them to continue their journey.

Texas Ranger Arrives – He Is No Chuck Norris

Since CPS was apparently getting nowhere with Customs, Immigration, or Border Patrol, or even the airport police, they called in a Texas Ranger. The Giwas were not permitted to make any phone calls or contact anyone for help. The Texas Ranger proceeded to arrest the couple. When Olubunmi questioned the ranger’s authority to arrest them, he reportedly told them:

I have more power and authority than the federal authorities. I am over them!

He refused to allow them to call any friends or relatives to pick up the children. The ranger allegedly told them that he had the power to turn over their children to CPS, and that was what he was going to do.

When the Texas Ranger demanded their passports, the border patrol agents reportedly refused to hand over any of the family’s passports except the one belonging to Ali Giwa, because there was an open CPS case involving him. The other children had never been in CPS custody before.

Though airport police appeared reluctant to participate, the ranger enlisted them to transport the Giwas to the local police station. When they arrived, the officer reportedly questioned what authority they had to hold the Giwas. Nonetheless, they were issued a warning for “the offense of interfering with child custody,” and put in jail, with a $$10,000 bond, each.

Contrast this ranger’s behavior with that of the man forever associated with the concept of the Texas Rangers, Chuck Norris, star of “Walker, Texas Ranger.” He wrote a powerful piece last year for Townhall.com, which makes his perspective very clear. In “Who Owns Our Kids Anyway? [6]” he wrote:

It’s time for the government to stop overreaching into our families and dictating where children can pray, what children will learn, what children will eat, what medical treatment children will receive and where children will go to school. Government needs less of a role in running our families and more of a role in supporting parents’ decisions for their children. Children belong to their parents, not to the government. And parents ought to have the right and government support to parent them without federal mandates, education or invasion in our homes.

Social Worker: We Have No Intention of Returning Your Children

The Giwas were able to bond out of jail at 11 pm on Sunday, November 8. The first thing they did when they got home was to text the Harris County social worker to ask where their children were. She sent them this text:

Unfortunately, we have no intention of returning your children to you at this point. You will need to contact your attorney.

They were alarmed to learn that the judge approved the “emergency removal” without a hearing. Their children were placed in foster care with strangers, even though Olubunmi’s mother and several friends are available who could take care of the children. CPS refused to consider them, even though federal law requires that placement of children taken by CPS only be in foster care if there are no family or friends available to take the children – a law that is ignored by CPS in the majority of the stories we cover at Medical Kidnap.

Bizarre Allegations Used as Grounds to Medically Kidnap Ali Giwa

The Giwas were originally accused of medical neglect, stemming from disagreements with doctors in the U.K., where Olubunmi was studying last year for her second PhD. She already holds one PhD in Education.

Ali is a twin boy who is developmentally lagging behind his twin sister. Their parents have sought medical answers, but doctors have never been able to give them any.

The first dispute with doctors occurred when Olubunmi was still breastfeeding her toddlers past a year old, and a doctor in the Scotland took issue with that. The doctor told the mother that breastfeeding should stop when children turn one year old.

However, the mother did not agree. She is in good company – the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends AT LEAST one year, and the World Health Organization recommends breastfeeding for at least 2 years. This should have been a non-issue, but the doctor decided to report Mrs. Giwa to Child Protective Services.

Shortly after, she took Ali for a routine checkup, where the doctor ran some tests about his developmental delays, all of which came back normal. The doctor suggested an MRI. According to an affidavit by the social worker to the Harris County Family Court,

It is unclear what the MRI would be looking for, but mother was concerned about “side effects” from the procedure and was reluctant to allow child to have the MRI.

What she was concerned about were side effects from the anesthesia they would use to put Ali asleep for the MRI, and the doctors told her that they couldn’t guarantee his safety. Olibunmi asked the doctor,

Will the result of this test make any difference in the therapy he is already getting?

When the doctor told her that it wouldn’t, she decided not to take that risk just then, opting to wait till he is older to do the procedure. She learned that the British Health System said that a developmental delay did not necessitate an emergency MRI, so no appointment was given for it. Again, this should have been a non-issue. But not to CPS.

Around January of 2015, the family moved from Scotland to Britain, out of concern for the children because the colder climate was leading to the children being sick a lot. However, Child Protective Services in the U.K. construed this as “the mother [being] too quick to move from Scotland.”

A U.K. judge ruled in the family’s favor, and the family believes this should have ended the issue then and there.

International CPS Collusion

The crazy allegations followed them back home to Texas, where Harris County (a county where the family doesn’t even live) took a referral by a U.K. social worker to heart and began pursuing the Giwas, accusing them of medical neglect, allegedly without any evidence other than hearsay. They labeled Ali as “failure to thrive,” neglecting to mention in their reports that Ali is in the 75th percentile for height and weight. They also neglect to mention that Ali was in therapy both in the U.K. and when he returned home to Texas. His mother, who holds a PhD in Education and is trained in Special Education, is trained to do therapy with Ali herself.

As Medical Kidnap has previously reported [7], Harris County CPS forced the Giwas to sign a “Rule 11 Agreement” after they took custody of Ali, as a condition of returning Ali to his home. The document contains several intrusive and seemingly unconstitutional requirements. CPS is accusing the parents of not abiding by the agreement, even though they, themselves, did not abide by the point that was most important to the Giwa family, that of returning their little boy home. According to the agreement, that was supposed to take place on June 26, but they kept him in foster care until July 29.

Rule 11 restricted the Giwas’ freedom of movement, forbidding them from traveling outside of Harris County (where they do not live) and counties bordering Harris County without prior written consent of DFPS, the Attorney Ad Litem and the GAL.

It also placed a gag order on them, which is considered unconstitutional by their attorney, forbidding them to talk to the media. This is a tactic being employed by family court judges all over the United States. Fortunately, a few judges recognize the Constitution they are sworn to uphold, and refuse to issue such orders.

One must ask the question: is it ever acceptable for a court to seize a child for the act of his parents exercising their freedom of speech or freedom of the press? That seems to be what is happening here, because there are no grounds given for seizing Ali’s sisters except for these allegations based on allegedly shaky grounds.

Psychological Evaluation Demanded – ONLY with CPS Approved Psychologist

The Giwas completed the items that CPS ordered them to do in the service plan issued in June. One of the CPS demands was that the Giwas submit to a psychological evaluation. They obtained one with a licensed psychologist with 10 years of experience, paying for the evaluation themselves. However, CPS wants them to go to a psychologist that they work with, to be paid for at taxpayer expense. They were told that the results of that test would not be told to them until the next court date. Olubunmi has a problem with this demand, because it looks like a set-up to her. She says:

Even a baby understand that that’s going to lead to foul play.

Indeed, many families and even attorneys have reported to Medical Kidnap that the psychological evaluations with the CPS-approved psychologists are designed for the parents to fail, giving CPS reason to keep the children.

Additionally, the Giwas have been ordered to obtain very expensive genetic testing for Ali, for which they would be required to pay $$5000 out of pocket. A genetic test had already been completed, and an additional test was not deemed medically necessary by Medicaid or private insurance, so they refuse to cover it. However, CPS is demanding the parents to pay for it out of pocket. Since he has been in CPS custody, they have not taken him for the testing they see as necessary.

Confused Social Worker Justifies Taking Ali’s Sisters

Almost none of the information contained in the affidavit about the Giwa daughters refers to them. Just about everything in the allegations allegedly concerns their brother, except a report about the events in the airport. The Harris County social worker testified in the affidavit (though she allegedly wasn’t there) that the children were calling the social worker in Dallas “Momma” while their parents were being detained, reporting that “the children did not want to go into the room with the parents; they stayed in the hallway with [the social worker].”

What she allegedly left out of her report was that the worker enticed the children with toys and allegedly kept calling the children to her. She also had the parents’ iPad. She allegedly construed their interest in the toys as disinterest in their parents, and apparently confused toddlers asking for their mother as somehow calling her Momma.

Nothing else in the documents allegedly even refers to the girls.

Randy Wallace of Fox 26 Reports on Thursday’s Court Hearing

Randy Wallace interviewed the Giwas and their attorney Julie Ketterman, who has been re-hired by the couple. He notes that CPS “offers no proof” of their allegations against the Giwas.

“It’s very traumatic for the whole family,” Ahmed Giwa said.

Now CPS has taken all three children into protective custody, even though a CPS case worker admitted in court Ali is doing much better.

And:

The Giwa’s say their only crime was wanting their kids to meet their grandmother before she dies. “I would have done it,” Ketterman said. “I would’ve done it in a heartbeat because you cannot get that back. Once that grandmother is gone she’s gone.”

See the Fox 26 story here [1], and be sure to thank Randy Wallace for continuing to cover this important story.

Call to Action – Tuesday Court Hearing

The Giwas have court again at 9 a.m. on Tuesday, November 17, at the 314th Juvenile Court, 1200 Congress Street, Houston, Texas 77002. They would love to see the streets lined with people supporting them in their fight for their children.

A Facebook page has been set up by supporters for the family – Save Ali Giwa from Harris County Child Protective Services [8].

[8]

Greg Abbott is the Governor of Texas, and he may be reached at (512) 463-2000, or contacted here [9]. He also has a Facebook [10] page.

Ken Paxton is the Attorney General of Texas. He may be reached at (877) 673-6839, or contacted here [11].

Olubunmi says that this isn’t about the children to CPS; it’s about retaliation against them because they went to the media and are exposing them. Their Constitutional Rights to freedom of speech, freedom of movement, and the right to enjoy their own children are being denied. But they will never give up fighting for their children.

I miss my babies. I can’t wait for them to come home so I can love on them.

Other stories of alleged CPS abuse against Texas families include:

Comment on this story at MedicalKidnap.com [17]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47112,"by Dr. Mercola

New research has detected the presence of paraben esters in 99 percent of breast cancer tissues sampledi. The study examined 40 women who were being treated for primary breast cancer.In 60 percent of cases, five of the different esters were present.Parabens are chemicals with estrogen-like properties, and estrogen is one of the […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33338,"by Dr. Mercola

Do you have a chronic degenerative disease? If so, have you been told, “It’s all in your head?”

Well, that might not be that far from the truth… the root cause of your illness may be in your mouth.

There is a common dental procedure that nearly every dentist will tell you is completely safe, despite the fact that scientists have been warning of its dangers for more than 100 years.

Every day in the United States alone, 41,000 of these dental procedures are performed on patients who believe they are safely and permanently fixing their problem.

What is this dental procedure?

The root canal.

More than 25 million root canals are performed every year in this country.

Root-canaled teeth are essentially “dead” teeth that can become silent incubators for highly toxic anaerobic bacteria that can, under certain conditions, make their way into your bloodstream to cause a number of serious medical conditions—many not appearing until decades later.

Most of these toxic teeth feel and look fine for many years, which make their role in systemic disease even harder to trace back.

Sadly, the vast majority of dentists are oblivious to the serious potential health risks they are exposing their patients to, risks that persist for the rest of their patients’ lives.The American Dental Association claims root canals have been proven safe, but they have NO published data or actual research to substantiate this claim.

Fortunately, I had some early mentors like Dr. Tom Stone and Dr. Douglas Cook, who educated me on this issue nearly 20 years ago. Were it not for a brilliant pioneering dentist who, more than a century ago, made the connection between root-canaled teeth and disease, this underlying cause of disease may have remained hidden to this day. The dentist’s name was Weston Price—regarded by many as the greatest dentist of all time.

Weston A. Price: World’s Greatest Dentist

Most dentists would be doing an enormous service to public health if they familiarized themselves with the work of Dr. Weston Pricei. Unfortunately, his work continues to be discounted and suppressed by medical and dental professionals alike.

Dr. Price was a dentist and researcher who traveled the world to study the teeth, bones, and diets of native populations living without the “benefit” of modern food. Around the year 1900, Price had been treating persistent root canal infections and became suspicious that root-canaled teeth always remained infected, in spite of treatments. Then one day, he recommended to a woman, wheelchair bound for six years, to have her root canal tooth extracted, even though it appeared to be fine.

She agreed, so he extracted her tooth and then implanted it under the skin of a rabbit. The rabbit amazingly developed the same crippling arthritis as the woman and died from the infection 10 days later. But the woman, now free of the toxic tooth, immediately recovered from her arthritis and could now walk without even the assistance of a cane.

Price discovered that it’s mechanically impossible to sterilize a root-canaled (e.g. root-filled) tooth.

He then went on to show that many chronic degenerative diseases originate from root-filled teeth—the most frequent being heart and circulatory diseases. He actually found 16 different causative bacterial agents for these conditions. But there were also strong correlations between root-filled teeth and diseases of the joints, brain and nervous system. Dr. Price went on to write two groundbreaking books in 1922 detailing his research into the link between dental pathology and chronic illness. Unfortunately, his work was deliberately buried for 70 years, until finally one endodontist named George Meinig recognized the importance of Price’s work and sought to expose the truth.

Dr. Meinig Advances the Work of Dr. Price

Dr. Meinig, a native of Chicago, was a captain in the U.S. Army during World War II before moving to Hollywood to become a dentist for the stars. He eventually became one of the founding members of the American Association of Endodontists (root canal specialists).

In the 1990s, he spent 18 months immersed in Dr. Price’s research. In June of 1993, Dr. Meinig published the book Root Canal Cover-Up, which continues to be the most comprehensive reference on this topic today. You can order your copy directly from the Price-Pottenger Foundationii.

What Dentists Don’t Know About the Anatomy of Your Teeth

Your teeth are made of the hardest substances in your body.

In the middle of each tooth is the pulp chamber, a soft living inner structure that houses blood vessels and nerves. Surrounding the pulp chamber is the dentin, which is made of living cells that secrete a hard mineral substance. The outermost and hardest layer of your tooth is the white enamel, which encases the dentin.

The roots of each tooth descend into your jawbone and are held in place by the periodontal ligament. In dental school, dentists are taught that each tooth has one to four major canals. However, there are accessory canals that are never mentioned. Literally miles of them!

Just as your body has large blood vessels that branch down into very small capillaries, each of your teeth has a maze of very tiny tubules that, if stretched out, would extend for three miles. Weston Price identified as many as 75 separate accessory canals in a single central incisor (front tooth). For a more detailed explanation, refer to an article by Hal Huggins, DDS, MS, on the Weston A. Price Foundation website.iii(These images are borrowed from the Huggins article.)

Microscopic organisms regularly move in and around these tubules, like gophers in underground tunnels.

When a dentist performs a root canal, he or she hollows out the tooth, then fills the hollow chamber with a substance (called guttapercha), which cuts off the tooth from its blood supply, so fluid can no longer circulate through the tooth. But the maze of tiny tubules remains. And bacteria, cut off from their food supply, hide out in these tunnels where they are remarkably safe from antibiotics and your own body’s immune defenses.

The Root Cause of Much Disease

Under the stresses of oxygen and nutrient deprivation, these formerly friendly organisms morph into stronger, more virulent anaerobes that produce a variety of potent toxins. What were once ordinary, friendly oral bacteria mutate into highly toxic pathogens lurking in the tubules of the dead tooth, just awaiting an opportunity to spread.

No amount of sterilization has been found effective in reaching these tubules—and just about every single root-canaled tooth has been found colonized by these bacteria, especially around the apex and in the periodontal ligament. Oftentimes, the infection extends down into the jawbone where it creates cavitations—areas of necrotic tissue in the jawbone itself.

Cavitations are areas of unhealed bone, often accompanied by pockets of infected tissue and gangrene. Sometimes they form after a tooth extraction (such as a wisdom tooth extraction), but they can also follow a root canal. According to Weston Price Foundation, in the records of 5,000 surgical cavitation cleanings, only two were found healed.

And all of this occurs with few, if any, accompanying symptoms. So you may have an abscessed dead tooth and not know it. This focal infection in the immediate area of the root-canaled tooth is bad enough, but the damage doesn’t stop there.

Root Canals Can Lead to Heart, Kidney, Bone, and Brain Disease

As long as your immune system remains strong, any bacteria that stray away from the infected tooth are captured and destroyed. But once your immune system is weakened by something like an accident or illness or other trauma, your immune system may be unable to keep the infection in check.

These bacteria can migrate out into surrounding tissues by hitching a ride into your blood stream, where they are transported to new locations to set up camp. The new location can be any organ or gland or tissue.

Dr. Price was able to transfer diseases harbored by humans to rabbits, by implanting fragments of root-canaled teeth, as mentioned above. He found that root canal fragments from a person who had suffered a heart attack, when implanted into a rabbit, would cause a heart attack in the rabbit within a few weeks.

He discovered he could transfer heart disease to the rabbit 100 percent of the time! Other diseases were more than 80 percent transferable by this method. Nearly every chronic degenerative disease has been linked with root canals, including:

Heart disease

Kidney disease

Arthritis, joint, and rheumatic diseases

Neurological diseases (including ALS and MS)

Autoimmune diseases (Lupus and more)

There may also be a cancer connection. Dr. Robert Jones, a researcher of therelationship between root canals and breast cancer, found an extremely high correlation between root canals and breast cancer.iv He claims to have found the following correlations in a five-year study of 300 breast cancer cases:

93 percent of women with breast cancer had root canals

7 percent had other oral pathology

Tumors, in the majority of cases, occurred on the same side of the body as the root canal(s) or other oral pathology

Dr. Jones claims that toxins from the bacteria in an infected tooth or jawbone are able to inhibit the proteins that suppress tumor development. A German physician reported similar findings. Dr. Josef Issels reported that, in his 40 years of treating “terminal” cancer patients, 97 percent of his cancer patients had root canals. If these physicians are correct, the cure for cancer may be as simple as having a tooth pulled, then rebuilding your immune system.

Good Bugs Gone Bad

How are these mutant oral bacteria connected with heart disease or arthritis? The ADA and the AAE claim it’s a “myth” that the bacteria found in and around root-canaled teeth can cause diseasev. But they base that on the misguided assumption that the bacteria in these diseased teeth are the SAME as normal bacteria in your mouth—and that’s clearly not the case.

Today, bacteria can be identified using DNA analysis, whether they’re dead or alive, from their telltale DNA signatures.

In a continuation of Dr. Price’s work, the Toxic Element Research Foundation (TERF) used DNA analysis to examine root-canaled teeth, and they found bacterial contamination in 100 percent of the samples tested. They identified 42 different species of anaerobic bacteria in 43 root canal samples. In cavitations, 67 different bacteria were identified among the 85 samples tested, with individual samples housing between 19 to 53 types of bacteria each. The bacteria they found included the following types:

Capnocytophagaochracea vi

Fusobacteriumnucleatum vii

Gemellamorbillorum viii

Leptotrichiabuccalis

Porphyromonasgingivalis ix

Are these just benign, ordinary mouth bugs? Absolutely not. Four can affect your heart, three can affect your nerves, two can affect your kidneys, two can affect your brain, and one can infect your sinus cavities… so they are anything BUT friendly! (If you want see just how unfriendly they can be, I invite you to investigate the footnotes.)

Approximately 400 percent more bacteria were found in the blood surrounding the root canal tooth than were found in the tooth itself, suggesting the tooth is the incubatorand the periodontal ligament is the food supply. The bone surrounding root-canaled teeth was found even HIGHER in bacterial count… not surprising, since bone is virtual buffet of bacterial nutrients.

Since When is Leaving A Dead Body Part IN Your Body a Good Idea?

There is no other medical procedure that involves allowing a dead body part to remain in your body. When your appendix dies, it’s removed. If you get frostbite or gangrene on a finger or toe, it is amputated. If a baby dies in utero, the body typically initiates a miscarriage.

Your immune system doesn’t care for dead substances, and just the presence of dead tissue can cause your system to launch an attack, which is another reason to avoid root canals—they leave behind a dead tooth.

Infection, plus the autoimmune rejection reaction, causes more bacteria to collect around the dead tissue. In the case of a root canal, bacteria are given the opportunity to flush into your blood stream every time you bite down.

Why Dentists Cling to the Belief Root Canals are Safe

The ADA rejects Dr. Price’s evidence, claiming root canals are safe, yet they offer no published data or actual research to substantiate their claim. American Heart Association recommends a dose of antibiotics before many routine dental procedures to prevent infective endocarditis (IE) if you have certain heart conditions that predispose you to this type of infection.

So, on the one hand, the ADA acknowledges oral bacteria can make their way from your mouth to your heart and cause a life-threatening infection.

But at the same time, the industry vehemently denies any possibility that these same bacteria—toxic strains KNOWN to be pathogenic to humans—can hide out in your dead root-canaled tooth to be released into your blood stream every time you chew, where they can damage your health in a multitude of ways.

Is this really that large of a leap? Could there be another reason so many dentists, as well as the ADA and the AAE, refuse to admit root canals are dangerous? Well, yes, as a matter of fact, there is. Root canals are the most profitable procedure in dentistry.x

What You Need to Know to AVOID a Root Canal

I strongly recommend never getting a root canal. Risking your health to preserve a tooth simply doesn’t make sense. Unfortunately, there are many people who’ve already have one. If you have, you should seriously consider having the tooth removed, even if it looks and feels fine. Remember, as soon as your immune system is compromised, your risk of of developing a serious medical problem increases—and assaults on your immune system are far too frequent in today’s world.

If you have a tooth removed, there are a few options available to you.

Partial denture: This is a removable denture, often just called a “partial.” It’s the simplest and least expensive option. Bridge: This is a more permanent fixture resembling a real tooth but is a bit more involved and expensive to build. Implant: This is a permanent artificial tooth, typically titanium, implanted in your gums and jaw. There are some problems with these due to reactions to the metals used. Zirconium is a newer implant material that shows promise for fewer complications.

But just pulling the tooth and inserting some sort of artificial replacement isn’t enough.

Dentists are taught to remove the tooth but leave your periodontal ligament. But as you now know, this ligament can serve as a breeding ground for deadly bacteria. Most experts who’ve studied this recommend removing the ligament, along with one millimeter of the bony socket, in order to drastically reduce your risk of developing an infection from the bacterially infected tissues left behind.

I strongly recommend consulting a biological dentist because they are uniquely trained to do these extractions properly and safely, as well as being adept at removing mercury fillings, if necessary. Their approach to dental care is far more holistic and considers the impact on your entire body—not JUST your mouth.

If you need to find a biological dentist in your area, I recommend visiting toxicteeth.orgxi, a resource sponsored by Consumers for Dental Choice. This organization, championed by Charlie Brown, is a highly reputable organization that has fought to protect and educate consumers so that they can make better-informed decisions about their dental care. The organization also heads up the Campaign for Mercury-Free Dentistry.

References:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32714,"Health Impact News

Southern California Public Radio reported recently [1] that health officials are becoming worried at the number of older kids who are coming down with whooping cough in Los Angeles County. Most of these are children who have received 5 vaccines for pertussis between the ages of 2 months and 7 years. The vaccine clearly doesn’t work:

But public health officials discovered that “the effects of the vaccine does not seem to last as long as we had hoped,” said Jonathan Fielding, director of the L.A. County public health department. “There is a lot of work going on to understand why it is waning.” (Source [1].)

And for the first time, they are admitting the fault is the vaccine, and not the small percentage of unvaccinated children:

“Of the pertussis cases in Los Angeles County, 8 percent were individuals who had never been vaccinated. Experts say the number is not a significant factor in the spread of pertussis.” (Source [1].)

The failed vaccine is still recommended, however, and most other media sources are still blaming the unvaccinated for current outbreaks, in spite of the data not supporting that claim.

Even since this was reported earlier this year, local news media across the country are reporting about outbreaks of whooping cough across the country among fully vaccinated children (see: Martinez family copes with whooping cough despite vaccinations [2])

Research in 2013 was Ignored by the Media

2013 was the year the CDC and FDA finally admitted there were problems with the pertussis (whooping cough) vaccine. The mainstream media largely ignored this data, and continued to blame the very small percentage of the unvaccinated population.

In 2013, there were two major research papers published documenting the failure of the pertussis vaccine. I don’t believe the first one, published in early 2013, received any mainstream media exposure at all, while the second one, later in the year, was back-page news. However, both of these studies should have been headline stories.

The first study reported in early 2013 that researchers had found the first U.S. evidence of vaccine-resistant pertussis. The same phenomenon had been observed in other countries, and research showing that pertussis was developing immunity against the current pertussis vaccine being given to children should have made headline news. But of course, it did not.

Lisa Schnirring from the Center for Infectious Disease Research & Policy [3] at the University of Minnesota summarized the research:

Researchers in other countries have found evidence that circulating strains of Bordetella pertussis have adapted to the acellular vaccine, and researchers today reported similar findings for the first time in US kids, based on genetic analysis of isolates from hospitalized children.

Infectious disease experts have been eyeing waning immunity from acellular pertussis vaccines as a contributor to increasing numbers of cases of pertussis (whooping cough) in several countries, and evidence is mounting that another factor fueling the outbreaks could be that the bacteria are adapting to the vaccine.

The US researchers, including a scientist from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), described their findings in a letter in the New England Journal of Medicine. (Full story here [4].)

Note that one of the scientists in this study was from the CDC.

Then, later in 2013, the FDA published a study [5] they had conducted on the pertussis vaccine, admitting that cases of whopping cough were increasing among a highly vaccinated public. They studied the effect of the vaccine on baboons, and found out that vaccinated baboons still carried around whooping cough in their throats, spreading it to others. The N.Y. Times actually reported [6] on this in their “Health Section”.

So both the CDC and the FDA were aware in 2013 that the whooping cough vaccine was not effective, and yet it is still part of the vaccine schedule. Why?

Could it be because the vaccine is part of a combo vaccine [7], along with diphtheria and tetanus, and that it therefore represents too great of a financial loss for the drug manufacturers to stop using it?

A report last month [8] (January 2014) from Europe revealed that new whooping cough vaccines are in development, as the World Health Organization has also admitted that the pertussis vaccine no longer works. In the U.S., however, unvaccinated children are still being blamed in the mainstream media for the increase in whooping cough cases. (Just do an internet search for “whooping cough unvaccinated” to see this currently happening.)

Since the U.S. Congress has given vaccine manufacturers total legal immunity from being sued for faulty vaccines or injuries and deaths caused by them, a law upheld by the Supreme Court in 2011, there is no legal basis to stop the ineffective whooping cough vaccine from being injected into children. To stop it would cost billions of dollars in vaccine revenues for the next couple of years as they try to develop a new vaccine to replace the current ineffective pertussis vaccine.

And if one is tempted to think that those who manufacture these vaccines would never keep a defective product on the market knowingly, think again. Twenty percent of all white collar corporate crime is now committed in the pharmaceutical industry, with every major vaccine manufacturer now a convicted criminal. A recent editorial written in the British Medical Journal chronicled how the fines levied against this criminal activity is not sufficient enough to prohibit the companies from continuing to act like criminals. (See: BMJ: Escalating Criminal Behavior by Pharmaceutical Companies due to Insufficient Penalties [9])

As for the government stepping in to protect the public from a failed vaccine? The story of how Julie Gerberding, the head of the CDC from 2002 through 2009, left government to become the president of Merck’s Vaccine division, [10] a $$5 billion dollar a year operation, and the supplier of the largest number of vaccines the CDC recommends, pretty much says it all.

See Also:

Dissolving Illusions: Disease, Vaccines, and The Forgotten History

by Dr. Suzanne Humphries and Roman Bystrianyk

[12]

Free Shipping Available! [12]

Learn More [12]

Copyright 2014 Health Impact News – permission to reprint fully granted. Links back fully appreciated.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33232,"[1]

By Dr. Mercola [2]

The use of marijuana for medical purposes is now legal in 23 states and, as of this writing, 9 states have pending legislation or ballot measures to legalize medical marijuana. Estimates are that between 85 and 95 percent of Americans are in favor of medical cannabis, and nearly 60 percent support complete legalization of marijuana.

And doctors agree. In 2014, a survey found that the majority of physicians—56 percent—favor nationwide legalization of medical cannabis, with support being highest among oncologists and hematologists.

However, many families are still unable, legally or otherwise, to obtain this herbal treatment. Families with a sick child are being forced to split up, just so that one parent can live in a place where medical cannabis can be legally obtained in order to help their child.

A major part of the problem lies at the federal level, where marijuana is classified as a Schedule 1 controlled substance—a category reserved for the most dangerous of drugs, including heroin, LSD, and ecstasy.

According to the 1970 Controlled Substances Act, Schedule 1 drugs are defined as those having a “high potential for abuse” and “no accepted medical use.” Research to date shows that marijuana meets neither of these criteria.

The featured documentary covers some of the most recent research on the medical applications of marijuana. In light of recent science, it’s clear that marijuana does not meet Schedule 1 criteria and it’s high time to revise this classification.

Prominent Physicians Shifting Their Stance on Medical Marijuana

A number of prominent physicians are reversing their opinions about marijuana’s medicinal utility. A recent example is US Surgeon General Vivek Murthy, who in a recent CBS interview, acknowledged that marijuana may be useful for certain medical conditions. [3]

CNN’s chief medical correspondent and neurosurgeon Sanjay Gupta also made a highly publicized reversal on his marijuana [4]stance after the production of his two-part series “Weed.”

The US seems to want it both ways. The federal government classifies marijuana as a Schedule 1 drug. But in October 2003, the US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) obtained a patent for marijuana as a “neural protectant,” claiming it can protect your brain against stroke and trauma.

How can HHS own a patent for the medical use of cannabis, while the federal government still classifies it as an unsafe drug with no medical value?

The US Has Much to Learn from Israel

The US is far behind many other countries in harnessing the healing power of marijuana. Israel is the marijuana research capital of the world [5], thanks to Dr. Raphael Mechoulam, who was the first to investigate the medicinal properties of marijuana way back in the 1960s and the first to isolate THC and CBD.

Israel is now using marijuana to treat cancer, epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease [6], Tourette’s syndrome, and many other conditions. As shown in the film, even residents of Israeli nursing homes are being treated with marijuana.

But in the US, the fact that marijuana remains classified as a dangerous Schedule 1 drug has all but halted scientific progress. American scientists have to jump through a frustrating array of hoops, which are expensive and time consuming and ultimately discourage the majority of researchers from conducting marijuana studies.

Marijuana’s Miracle Molecules: Cannabinoids

Cannabinoids are the general category of active chemical compounds found in marijuana, or cannabis. Cannabinoids can be separated into several subclasses—two of which are THC (tetrahydrocannabinols) and CBD (cannabidiols).

CBD is the most abundant cannabinoid, contributing up to 40 percent of cannabis resin. Cannabinoids produce biological effects because, just like opiates interacting with your opiate receptors, cannabinoids interact with specific receptors located in your cell membranes.

The therapeutic and psychoactive properties of marijuana occur when particular cannabinoids activate their associated receptors, and the effects depend on the areas of your body and brain in which they interact.

Some cannabinoids are psychoactive, whereas others are not. THC is the most psychoactive, the one that produces the “high”—which is why marijuana plants have been bred over time to produce ever-increasing amounts of this compound.

However, selectively breeding pot for high THC has diminished its medicinal value and increased its likelihood of producing adverse effects. Although research is still in its infancy, the cannabinoids appear to work in tandem with each other, balancing one another out. According to the University of Washington:

“CBD may actually have anti-anxiety effects and lessen the psychoactive effects of THC. This means that a plant with a greater percentage of CBD may reduce the intensity of the effects of the THC, which in effect lowers the potency of the plant. Use of a cannabis plant with less CBD has been shown to have an increased psychological impact and result in unwanted effects such as anxiety.”

So, by breeding out the CBD, pot growers have created more intense psychoactive effects that lack any modulation, which is why some people experience adverse reactions such as anxiety and even psychosis. Mother Nature created a delicately balanced chemical system in this plant, which humans have upset with their tampering and manipulation.

Like It or Not, You Are Wired to Respond to Marijuana

The fact that there’s a plant that acts on your body’s own cannabinoid receptors is a phenomenon Dr. Mechoulam calls a “quirk of nature.” He’s referring to the fact that we didn’t develop these receptors in order to smoke pot—we have them because we have our own endogenous cannabinoid system.

Your body makes its own cannabinoids, similar to those found in marijuana but present in much smaller amounts. These endocannabinoids appear to perform signaling operations similar to your body’s neurotransmitters, such as dopamine and serotonin. Cannabinoid receptors can be found on cell membranes throughout your body—in fact, scientists now believe they may represent the most widespread receptor system. Two receptor types have been identified:

CB1: Cannabinoid receptors that are extremely prolific in your brain (excluding your brain stem), but also present in your heart, lungs, kidneys, liver, pancreas, and other parts of your body

CB2: Cannabinoid receptors primarily found in your immune system

Your endocannabinoid system is thought to help regulate nearly every physiological process and plays an important role in maintaining homeostasis—and yet, it’s not taught in medical school! We’ve shared this important system with all vertebrate species and even sea squirts for more than 600 million years. Science to date suggests that your endocannabinoid system is integral to the following biological processes, and chances are we’ve barely scratched the surface.

Immune function Inflammation [7] (especially tamping it down) Energy intake and storage Appetite control and cravings Nutrient transport Cellular communication Emotional balance Reproduction Pain sensation Sleep Bone growth Memory

The Growing List of Illnesses Cannabis Can Treat

The fact that your body is replete with cannabinoid receptors, key to so many biological functions, is why there’s such enormous medical potential for cannabis. If it can help restore homeostasis, it will prove itself as a very powerful therapy. CBD may be the most potent and beneficial of the cannabinoids, particularly for tamping down an overactive immune system, as is the case with autoimmune disease. CBD also has antipsychotic properties but does not get you high or stoned.

The response of cancer patients to cannabis treatment is very encouraging. Not only does cannabis help with the unpleasant side effects of traditional chemotherapy (including pain, nausea, and insomnia), but the cannabis itself appears to be a natural chemotherapy agent. Over the past several years, dozens of studies point to marijuana’s effectiveness against many different types of cancer, including brain cancer [8], breast and prostate, lung, thyroid, [9] colon, pituitary, melanoma, and leukemia. It fights cancer by at least two mechanisms, making it difficult for a cancer to grow and spread:

Cannabis is pro-apoptotic, meaning it triggers apoptosis (cellular suicide) of cancer cells, while leaving healthy cells untouched Cannabis is anti-angiogenic, meaning it cuts off a tumor’s blood supply

This may explain why chronic pot smokers have such surprisingly low rates of lung and other cancers, especially when compared to cancer rates among tobacco smokers. In addition to cancer, cannabis has been found effective against an ever-growing list of illnesses. Research has been limited, but we may be turning the corner. It’s likely we’ll soon be expanding this list as the evolving political climate becomes more favorable to cannabis research.

Mental disorders [10], including Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD), mood disorders, and Tourette’s syndrome Pain and insomnia Degenerative neurological disorders, dystonia, and tremor Multiple sclerosis and other autoimmune issues Parkinson’s disease Cancer, numerous types Seizure disorders Rheumatoid arthritis Heart disease Autism Obesity [11] Nausea, vomiting, and lack of appetite

Science Shows Marijuana MUCH Safer Than Prescription Drugs

Download Interview Transcript [12]

Many prescription drugs are known to be dangerous. Pharmaceuticals in general are among the leading causes of death in the US, [13] and some drugs have killed tens of thousands of individuals. The painkiller Vioxx [14] is one classic example that killed over 60,000 before being pulled off the market. According to Dr. Margaret Gedde, MD, PhD, owner and founder of Gedde Whole Health and the Clinicians’ Institute of Cannabis Medicine, you don’t have to look far to find research confirming that cannabis is safer and less toxic [15]than many prescription drugs.

This includes liver and kidney toxicity, gastrointestinal damage, nerve damage, and of course death. Moreover, cannabinoids often work when pharmaceutical drugs fail, so not only is cannabis safer but it’s typically more effective. One of the strongest areas of research regarding marijuana’s health benefits is pain control.

In 2010, the Center for Medical Cannabis Research (CMCR) released a report on 14 clinical studies about the use of marijuana for pain, most of which were FDA-approved, double-blind, and placebo-controlled. The report revealed that marijuana not only controls pain, but in many cases it does so better than pharmaceutical alternatives.

If you compare prescription painkillers (opiates) to marijuana, marijuana is much safer. Opioid painkillers can lead to slowed respiration and death if an excess is taken—and the risks are compounded if you add alcohol to the equation. By contrast, cannabis overdose cannot kill you because there are no cannabinoid receptors in your brain stem, the region of your brain that controls your heartbeat and respiration.

The statistics speak for themselves. In 2010, prescription painkillers [16] were responsible for 16,600 deaths, and painkiller overdoses claimed more women’s lives than cocaine and heroine combined. In the CDC’s Public Health Reports study, prescription drugs were involved in fatal car crashes at three times the rate of marijuana.

In states where medical marijuana is legal, overdose deaths from opioids [17] like morphine, oxycodone, and heroin decreased by an average of 20 percent after one year, 25 percent after two years and up to 33 percent by years five and six. As noted by Dr. Gedde:

“There’s an ongoing death rate from use of pain medications as prescribed. So, even as prescribed, they’re highly dangerous and they are open to abuse. As far as medications used in the pediatric population to control seizures, there are also severe toxicities to organs. Many of them are very sedating. The children become unable to function or really to interact because of the sedating effects. Other medications have a side effect of rage and behavioral problems. Unprovoked rage is actually a known side effect of some of the anti-seizure medications. Cannabis and in particular cannabidiol has none of these issues. No toxicities. The main side effect of cannabidiol is sleepiness. As a child gets accustomed to it, that does wear off and the child can be very alert and functional on the cannabis oil once they have worked into the dosing. Once you put them against each other, there really is no comparison in terms of safety.”

Education Is Key

Because of the issues already discussed, it can sometimes be challenging finding accurate, science-based information about cannabis. Dr. Gedde offers the following suggestions for obtaining reliable information:

“The reason why it’s difficult is that the preponderance of research funds have been to show harm related to cannabis, as a drug of abuse… [L]ook for the real research that’s there on the endocannabinoid system and the ways that marijuana cannabis has been helping people for centuries. And look into the history of medical practice; that’s where the information starts to come out.”

She also recommends looking to current clinical practice, which is possible in states where cannabis is now safely and legally accessible. This is where you can learn more about optimal dosing and protocols found effective for various conditions. Other resources that may be helpful include the following:

Cancer.gov, the US government’s cancer website, contains research relating to the use of cannabis

PubMed is a searchable public resource containing a vast amount of medical literature, including studies involving cannabis

The Journal of Pain is a publication by the American Pain Society with a long list of studies on the pain-relieving effects of cannabis

National Institute on Drug Abuse is an excellent resource, including information about preclinical and clinical trials are underway to test marijuana and various extracts for the treatment of a number of diseases, including autoimmune diseases such as multiple sclerosis and Alzheimer’s disease, inflammation, pain, and mental disorders.

I also recommend listening to my previous interview with Dr. Frankel, in which he discusses many of the medical benefits of cannabis. [18]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32717,"Pertussis Microbe Outsmarts the Vaccines As Experts Argue About Why

by Barbara Loe Fisher [1]

For the past decade, Americans have been subjected to dire warnings that B. pertussis whooping cough cases are on the rise and it is the fault of parents who don’t vaccinate their children. 1 2 3 That myth actually goes back to the early 1980’s, 4 when parents of DPT vaccine injured children in the U.S. were asking for a safer pertussis vaccine while, at the same time, discovering that whole cell pertussis vaccine in DPT shots did not prevent infection 5 and vaccine immunity lasted for only two to five years. 6 7

The same old excuse – “it’s the parent’s fault” – is being invoked again in the 21stcentury by forced vaccination proponents who want to eliminate vaccine exemptions, 8 9 10 11 just as another generation of parents are discovering that acellular pertussis vaccine in DTaP shots also does not prevent infection 12 13 14 and vaccine immunity is waning, lasting at best for two to five years. 15 16 17

Time to Dispel Myths and Lies About Pertussis and Pertussis Vaccines

What’s old is new again. And it is time to dispel the myths and lies being told about pertussis and pertussis vaccines.

In brief:

FACT : Both the reactive whole cell DPT vaccine licensed 1949 and the less toxic acellular DTaP vaccine licensed in 1996 do not prevent infection or transmission, and only provide two to five years of temporary immunity at best;

: Both the reactive whole cell DPT vaccine licensed 1949 and the less toxic acellular DTaP vaccine licensed in 1996 do not prevent infection or transmission, and only provide two to five years of temporary immunity at best; FACT : Millions of vaccinated children and adults are silently infected with pertussis in the U.S. every year and show few or no symptoms but spread whooping cough to vaccinated and unvaccinated children – without doctors identifying or reporting cases to the government;

: Millions of vaccinated children and adults are silently infected with pertussis in the U.S. every year and show few or no symptoms but spread whooping cough to vaccinated and unvaccinated children – without doctors identifying or reporting cases to the government; FACT: In response to mass pertussis vaccination campaigns beginning in the 1950s, the B. pertussis microbe evolved to evade both whole cell and acellular pertussis vaccines, creating new strains producing more toxin to suppress immune function and cause more serious disease.

Now, here is the rest of the story in more detail:

High Child Pertussis Vaccination Rates in U.S. for 35 Years

Child pertussis vaccination rates in the U.S. have remained very, very high for the past 35 years. 18 Consistently, more than 94 percent of kindergarten children have had four to five pertussis-containing shots either in whole cell DPT or acellular DTaP vaccines. 19 There is a 94 percent pertussis vaccination rate for children under 35 months old20 and, today, 88 percent of teenagers attending high school have gotten a sixth pertussis booster shot. 21

That’s a lot of pertussis vaccination going on in America for a long time among children of all ages, many of whom are now adults in their 20s, 30s and 40s. So why are public health officials reporting that large numbers of fully vaccinated pre-schoolers in Florida, 22 and fully vaccinated teenagers in California, 23 and fully vaccinated sisters and brothers of newborn infants are spreading pertussis whooping cough – 24 even though most have gotten every pertussis shot recommended by the CDC?

Before we examine why the experts are fighting with each other about the answer to that question, let’s do a quick review of the history of pertussis and pertussis vaccine.

DPT Licensed in 1949 and DTaP in 1996 for U.S. Babies

B. pertussis whooping cough has been around since at least the 16th century, and it can be especially serious for babies who cannot breathe when the sticky mucous produced by the gram negative bacteria clogs their tiny airways. 25 26 The first crude whole cell pertussis vaccine was licensed in 1914, 27 but was not given widely to children until after 1949, when it was combined with diphtheria and tetanus vaccines into the DPT shot 28 and used until 1996, when a less reactive DTaP vaccine was licensed in the U.S. 29

By 2014, public health officials reported that 86 percent of the world’s children had gotten at least three pertussis shots, 30 but estimate there are still about 16 million pertussis cases and 195,000 pertussis-related deaths every year globally. 31

75% Drop in Pertussis Deaths Before DPT Licensed in 1949

[2]

But what about deaths in the U.S. from pertussis whooping cough?

In our country, deaths from pertussis infections dropped by more than 75% between 1922 and 1948, the year before the DPT vaccine was licensed. In 1948, the mortality rate was less than 1 pertussis death per 100,000 persons and would never be higher than that again. 32 33 In 2013, there were about 29,000 reported pertussis cases and 13 pertussis-related deaths in America, with nine of those deaths in infants under age one. 34

However, reported numbers of pertussis cases do not match the total number of actual cases of pertussis that are happening in America. Most pertussis cases, like most vaccine reactions, are not being diagnosed or reported by doctors to the government. 35 Public health officials admit they still don’t have reliable lab tests to measure pertussis immunity and can’t agree about how to diagnose pertussis when infected people, especially vaccinated people, show up in doctor’s offices with mild symptoms.36 37 38

Millions of U.S. Pertussis Cases in Vaccinated Persons Not Identified or Reported

But what public health officials have known for a long time – and do not publicly talk about – is that millions of vaccinated children and adults living in the U.S. get pertussis whooping cough and are never identified. 39 40 41 42 That’s right: there are millions of pertussis infections going on in America among vaccinated people but doctors are not diagnosing or reporting them.

In fact, whether you or your child have been vaccinated or not, you can get a silent asymptomatic pertussis infection and transmit it to someone else without even knowing it. 43 44 45 That child or adult sitting next to you in the bus, classroom, movie theater or doctor’s office, who has a little cough or no cough at all, could be infected with B. pertussis whooping cough, even though he or she has gotten every federally recommended dose of pertussis vaccine.

No Herd Immunity: Vaccines Do Not Block Infection, Carriage or Transmission

When there are a lot of people with silent asymptomatic pertussis infections, it is impossible to know who is a carrier and who is not, which means that reported cases of pertussis are just the tip of a very big iceberg. It also means that articles blaming whooping cough cases on unvaccinated or partially vaccinated children are nothing more than wishful thinking and scapegoating. 46

Bottom Line: Both natural and vaccine acquired immunity is temporary 47and while vaccination may prevent clinical symptoms, it does not block infection, carriage or transmission. If vaccinated people can get silently infected and transmit infection without showing any symptoms – even after getting four to six pertussis shots – then pertussis vaccine acquired “herd immunity” is an illusion and always has been.

So the big question is: Why has more than a half-century of pertussis vaccination failed to produce true herd immunity like public health officials insist it theoretically can if only more and more pertussis shots are given to more people more of the time? 48 49

Extremely Reactive DPT and Less Reactive DTaP both Have Low Efficacy

The answer is simple and the emerging scientific evidence is compelling: the B. pertussis microbe has evolved over the past 65 years to evade whole cell and acellular pertussis vaccines, which drug companies have marketed and medical doctors have aggressively promoted in a crusade to kill a species of bacteria they still know very little about. 50 51 A review of the medical literature reveals that the experts are unhappy with how much they still don’t know about the B. pertussis microbe 52 and are arguing with each other about if, when, how and why pertussis vaccines have consistently failed to do the job of achieving herd immunity to prevent B. pertussis whooping cough from circulating in highly vaccinated populations around the world.53 54 55

The inconvenient set of scientific facts they have to work with are these:

FACT: The efficacy of whole cell pertussis vaccine in the DPT shot was measured to be between 30 and 85 percent, depending upon the type of DPT and vaccine manufacturer, 56 57 58 59 60 and protection lasted two to five years. 61

The efficacy of whole cell pertussis vaccine in the DPT shot was measured to be between 30 and 85 percent, depending upon the type of DPT and vaccine manufacturer, and protection lasted two to five years. FACT: After a low of about 1,000 cases of pertussis were reported in the U.S in 1976, 62 it was obvious all through the 1980s and 90’s that whole cell pertussis vaccine in DPT shots was not preventing infection or transmission. 63 64 65 66 67 Pertussis cases increased in highly vaccinated populations in cycles of three to five years – just like before DPT vaccine was widely used in the 1950s. 68 69 70 71 72

After a low of about 1,000 cases of pertussis were reported in the U.S in 1976, it was obvious all through the 1980s and 90’s that whole cell pertussis vaccine in DPT shots was not preventing infection or transmission. Pertussis cases increased in highly vaccinated populations in cycles of three to five years – just like before DPT vaccine was widely used in the 1950s. FACT: The whole cell DPT vaccine used until the late 1990’s in the U.S. was an extremely reactive vaccine. DPT vaccine reactions like fever, pain, and irritability were experienced by between 50 and 85 percent of children and seizures and collapse/shock reactions followed one in 875 DPT shots. 73 74 Brain inflammation was reported following 1 in 110,000 DPT shots with permanent brain damage after 1 in 310,000 DPT shots. 75 76 Finally, in 1996, the marginally effective and extremely reactive whole cell DPT vaccine was replaced with a far less reactive but marginally effective acellular DTaP vaccine. 77 Similar to whole cell pertussis vaccines, acellular pertussis vaccine efficacy in clinical trials was measured to be between 40 and 89 percent, depending upon the DTaP vaccine manufacturer. 78 79 80

The whole cell DPT vaccine used until the late 1990’s in the U.S. was an extremely reactive vaccine. DPT vaccine reactions like fever, pain, and irritability were experienced by between 50 and 85 percent of children and seizures and collapse/shock reactions followed one in 875 DPT shots. Brain inflammation was reported following 1 in 110,000 DPT shots with permanent brain damage after 1 in 310,000 DPT shots. Finally, in 1996, the marginally effective and extremely reactive whole cell DPT vaccine was replaced with a far less reactive but marginally effective acellular DTaP vaccine. Similar to whole cell pertussis vaccines, acellular pertussis vaccine efficacy in clinical trials was measured to be between 40 and 89 percent, depending upon the DTaP vaccine manufacturer. FACT: Acellular pertussis vaccines do not prevent infection, 81 82 just like whole cell pertussis vaccines do not prevent infection. In the 21st century, pertussis outbreaks and cyclical increases have continued,83 84 85 – even after a pertussis booster shot was added to the schedule for all adolescents and adults in 2006. 86 87 By 2010, the Tdap pertussis booster shot was found to be only about 66 percent effective in providing temporary immunity for teenagers and adults. 88

Pertussis Microbe Evolved to Evade Both DPT and DTaP Vaccines

Eighteen years ago, in 1998, molecular biologists and other basic science researchers began warning that the B. pertussis microbe started to evolve to evade whole cell pertussis vaccine after DPT shots were given on a mass basis to children in the 1950’s.89 90 91 92 For the past two decades, these bench scientists have been publishing hard evidence that over the past 65 years, B. pertussis bacteria have efficiently adapted to both whole cell and acellular pertussis vaccines. 93 94 95

New Pertussis Strains with More Toxin Causing More Serious Disease

In a fight to survive, the B. pertussis microbe has created new strains that produce more pertussis toxin to suppress the human immune system and cause more serious disease. Today, the pertussis strains included in the vaccine no longer match the pertussis strains causing whooping cough disease.96 97 98 99 100

Bottom line: There is compelling scientific evidence that B. pertussis bacteria have evolved to survive vaccine pressure. Now, there are more virulent pertussis strains that are more efficiently transmitted by vaccinated children and adults with waning immunity.

As one research scientist commented in 2009, “An important question is whether other childhood vaccines also select for pathogens that are more efficiently transmitted by primed hosts, resulting in increased virulence.” 101

War on B. Pertussis Bacteria & Vaccine Policies Not Driven By Hard Science

The crusade by public health officials to kill the B. pertussis microbe by adding more and more doses of ineffective vaccines to the child and adult schedule – now even invading the once sacred place of the womb and insisting all pregnant women be vaccinated 102 103 – is a cautionary tale. As we witness a bacterial species efficiently adapting in an effort to survive a war that has been declared on it, what has become painfully clear is that the history of mass vaccination has not been driven by hard science transparently shared with the people. 104 105 It has been driven by the politics of a public health profession working a lucrative government-industry public private partnership to protect failed vaccine policies, while ignoring the hard science. 106 107

We, the people, are not going to pretend the science doesn’t exist. It is up to each one of us to inform public health officials and legislators that it is their responsibility to show us the science and give us a choice when it comes to vaccines, especially when no vaccine manufacturer, no public health official and no doctor is liable in a civil court of law when vaccine reactions and failures lead to injury and death. 108

Learn more on NVIC.org. Sign up for the free NVIC Advocacy Portal [3] and become active in your state to protect vaccine exemptions from being eliminated by the Pharma, Medical Trade and Public Health industries.

It’s your health. Your family. Your choice.

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com [4]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99 [5]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99 [7]

Sources and References",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32320,"by Joanna Karpasea-Jones

VaccineRiskAwareness.com

When my oldest child was a baby, after telling the health visitor I didn’t vaccinate, she promptly exclaimed, “Oh well, she’s lucky as she has herd immunity from the vaccinated children to protect her!”

She then went on to say that not everyone had the luxury of my decision because if less than 95% of children were vaccinated, then it wouldn’t work anymore. I thought this was a silly concept because if vaccination truly worked, then any child who was vaccinated would be protected from disease, no matter how many ‘infectious’ unvaccinated kids there were, and if the 95% herd immunity figure was a genuine argument, it only points to one thing: the medical profession don’t really believe in the effectiveness of their own vaccines.

What Is The Herd Immunity Theory?

The herd immunity theory was originally coined in 1933 by a researcher called Hedrich. He had been studying measles patterns in the US between 1900-1931 (years before any vaccine was ever invented for measles) and he observed that epidemics of the illness only occurred when less than 68% of children had developed a natural immunity to it. This was based upon the principle that children build their own immunity after suffering with or being exposed to the disease. So the herd immunity theory was, in fact, about natural disease processes and nothing to do with vaccination. If 68% of the population were allowed to build their own natural defences, there would be no raging epidemic.

Later on, vaccinologists adopted the phrase and increased the figure from 68% to 95% with no scientific justification as to why, and then stated that there had to be 95% vaccine coverage to achieve immunity. Essentially, they took Hedrich’s study and manipulated it to promote their vaccination programmes.

(MONTHLY ESTIMATES OF THE CHILD POPULATION “SUSCEPTIBLE’ TO MEASLES, 1900-1931, BALTIMORE, MD, AW HEDRICH, American Journal of Epidemiology, May 1933 – Oxford University Press).

Why Vaccine Induced Herd Immunity is Flawed

If vaccination really immunises, then your vaccinated child will be immunised and therefore protected against any disease an unvaccinated child gets. If he isn’t, his shots didn’t work.

We should also examine whether or not the vaccines actually do provide immunity and in which populations epidemics occurred. Was it the unvaccinated children spreading disease as they would have parents believe? Or were those epidemics already in previously vaccinated people?

To do this I have listed several epidemics that have occurred in the last 100 years or so, including Smallpox, which medics claim that vaccination eradicated.

There was a Smallpox epidemic in Pittsburgh, USA, in 1924. This epidemic was started by a mandatory vaccination campaign in which people were imprisoned if they refused the shot. A health club then started a suit against Dr. Voux, who had headed the vaccination drive, for bringing disease upon the people. Legal council for the health club stated: ‘There have been NO deaths from Smallpox in Pittsburgh during the previous nine years from 1915 to 1924, including the years when there was no vaccination or re-vaccination, at all – and hence, no vaccine immunity.’

They pointed out that the vaccine campaign had caused 22 deaths and 112 cases of vaccine-induced Smallpox. (You can read a detailed history of vaccination in Eleanor McBean’s book, Vaccination Condemned, Better Life Research, 1981).

In Germany between 1947-1974, there were ten outbreaks of Smallpox including 94 people who had been previously ‘immunised’, who then became ill with the disease. (The Vaccination Nonsense, 2004 lectures, Dr. Gerhard Buchwald).

Here are some more recent epidemics in vaccinated populations:

In March 2006, 245 cases of mumps were confirmed in Iowa, US, where the law requires vaccination for school entry. Eleven year-old Will Hean of Davenport was diagnosed with mumps, and his 21 year old sister Kate.Both children had gotten the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine, or MMR. “He had all the shots and everything. You don’t think you’re going to get the mumps after you’ve been inoculated,” said Will’s father, Wayne Hean. (2006, The Associated Press).

In 2002 an outbreak of Varicella (Chickenpox) occurred in a US daycare centre for fully vaccinated children. Varicella developed in 25 of 88 children (28.4 percent) between December 1, 2000, and January 11, 2001. A case occurred in a healthy child who had been vaccinated three years previously and who infected more than 50 percent of his classmates who had no history of varicella. The effectiveness of the vaccine was 44.0 percent against disease of any severity.Children who had been vaccinated three years or more before the outbreak were at greater risk for vaccine failure than those who had been vaccinated more recently.

Conclusions: In this outbreak, vaccination provided poor protection against varicella. Longer interval since vaccination was associated with an increased risk of vaccine failure. Breakthrough infections in vaccinated, healthy persons can be as infectious as varicella in unvaccinated persons. (Outbreak of Varicella at a Day-Care Centre despite Vaccination – 2002 Karin Galil, M.D., M.P.H., Brent Lee, M.D., M.P.H., Tara Strine, M.P.H., Claire Carraher, R.N., Andrew L. Baughman, Ph.D., M.P.H., Melinda Eaton, D.V.M., Jose Montero, M.D., and Jane Seward, M.B., B.S., M.P.H.).

And here’s some vaccine failures for measles:

Five cases of measles secondary vaccine failure with confirmed seroconversion after live measles vaccination. (Scandinavian Journal of Infectious Disease vol. 29, no. 2, 1997, pp.187-90): Two, five, seven and twelve years after vaccination with further attenuated live measles vaccine, three of five patients experienced modified measles infection, and the remaining two had typical measles. “This may be the first SVF case report that confirms the existence of completely waning immunity in recipients of the further attenuated live measles vaccines.”

And Whooping Cough:

Journal of Infectious Diseases, vol. 179, April 1999; 915-923. Temporal trends in the population structure of bordetella pertussis during 1949-1996 in a highly vaccinated population- “Despite the introduction of large-scale pertussis vaccination in 1953 and high vaccination coverage, pertussis is still an endemic disease in The Netherlands, with epidemic outbreaks occurring every 3-5 years.” One factor that might contribute to this is the ability of pertussis strains to adapt to vaccine-induced immunity, causing new strains of pertussis to re-emerge in this well-vaccinated population.

Just recently, Dr. Kari Simonsen, a pediatrician at the University of Nebraska Medical Center, USA, said one in five children who are vaccinated for whooping cough will still get the disease. She said efficacy of the vaccine was ‘comparatively low’, but said ‘It’s the best vaccine we can build to date.’ Despite admitting this, she still believes that parents should get the vaccine for their children.

At St. Robert Bellarmine School in west Omaha, 12 children had confirmed whooping cough, of those, most had been vaccinated.

The Nebraska Department of Health and Human Services reported Thursday that the state has had 117 confirmed cases this year, up from 70 all of last year and 99 in 2006. There were 312 cases in Nebraska in 2005.

In Douglas County, 48 cases have been reported this year. Last year, 21 cases were reported.

This is in a country that gives five doses of the vaccine in the first four years of life and then another dose at 11 years of age!

(Omaha World Herald, ‘Vaccine Didn’t Stop Whooping Cough’, 31st October 2008).

Victor Plotkin – an epidemiologist from Lake County in the US has reported that there have been 82 cases of pertussis in the county so far this year.

‘Plotkin said the county did see very high numbers of cases during a nationwide outbreak of pertussis in 2004 and 2005. In 2004, there were 152 cases of pertussis and 135 cases in 2005. However, before that, pertussis cases in the county had averaged about 8 to 10 a year for many years.

Plotkin said the 2004 and 2005 pertussis outbreak appears that it may have been attributed to waning immunity among older children and adults who had not received booster shots. He said the most recent outbreak is a bit more puzzling because many of the children who are becoming ill are younger children who were recently vaccinated.

“Unfortunately, during this outbreak, even people that have been recently vaccinated are becoming sick anyway,” he said. “Their symptoms are milder, but they still can pass the bacteria along to others and make others sick.”

(Whooping Cough Increases in Lake County – the Vernon Hills Review 20th November 2008).

So What Happens if People don’t Vaccinate?

Are the unvaccinated really infectious?

According to Archives of Disease in Childhood, vol. 59, no. 2, February 1984, pp. 162-5): ‘Severity of whooping cough in England before and after the decline in pertussis immunisation’, “Since the decline of pertussis immunisation, hospital admission and death rates from whooping cough have fallen unexpectedly… The severity of attacks and the complication rates in children [who were] admitted to hospital were virtually unchanged’. – i.e. hospital admissions and death rates reduced when people WEREN’T getting vaccinated, meaning that avoiding shots is actually good for your child’s health and may save his life, and in those cases which were admitted to hospital, there were no increased complications in the unvaccinated group. Basically, at best the shots don’t make a difference and at worse, they kill or disable.

Another paper said that in the years 1977 to 1979 there was the largest outbreak of pertussis that they’d reported in 20 years, BUT:

1. The death rate was lower than in previous outbreaks

2. 35% of cases were in FULLY VACCINATED children

3. In the 1977 and 78 epidemics, 95% of UNvaccinated children ‘escaped infection’ or were not notified, which means that only 5% of unvaccinated children had confirmed pertussis.

“Estimates based upon notifications indicate that there was in the 1977-9 triennium in the United Kingdom the largest outbreak of whooping cough for 20 years or more….Deaths in which whooping cough was certified as the immediate of underlying cause were lower than in previous outbreaks….But, overall, about 35% of reported cases were children who had received three injections of triple vaccine. Acceptance of pertussis vaccine fell sharply in 1975 but about 95% of unvaccinated children in age groups 0-5, including the 1977 and the 1977 and 1978 birth cohorts, either escaped infection or were not notified.’

(J Epidemiol Community Health. 1981 June; 35(2): 139–145 – http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1052141/).

But there hasn’t been one double-blind controlled study of vaccinated vs. unvaccinated children since 1979 when one trial was carried out on BCG vaccine. Why? The medical profession say it is unethical to withhold vaccination from children. Therefore they cannot gain an accurate indication of what health is because everyone is getting the shots and suffering colds, ear infections, eczema, asthma and there is nothing to compare it with. If they did do a study, they would undoubtedly find the unvaccinated are healthier and maybe that it why they refuse.

Not one of my four daughters ever suffered from any of the common childhood ailments that so many of their friends did. Whilst all the babies in the nursery were catching colds every other week, my baby was happy and healthy. “She’s got an excellent immune system even though she’s never been vaccinated”, remarked the health visitor at her check. “No” I corrected, “She has an excellent immune system BECAUSE she’s never been vaccinated.”

Theory of Immune Memory Falls Apart as Stanford University Discovers that People are Immune to Pathogens they’ve Never Encountered

‘Although T cell memory is generally thought to require direct antigen exposure, we found an abundance of memory-phenotype cells (20%–90%, averaging over 50%) of CD4+ T cells specific to viral antigens in adults who had never been infected. These cells express the appropriate memory markers and genes, rapidly produce cytokines, and have clonally expanded. In contrast, the same T cell receptor (TCR) specificities in newborns are almost entirely naïve, which might explain the vulnerability of young children to infections. One mechanism for this phenomenon is TCR cross-reactivity to environmental antigens, and in support of this, we found extensive cross-recognition by HIV-1 and influenza-reactive T lymphocytes to other microbial peptides and expansion of one of these after influenza vaccination. Thus, the presence of these memory-phenotype T cells has significant implications for immunity to novel pathogens, child and adult health, and the influence of pathogen-rich versus hygienic environments.’

Source: Immunity, Volume 38, Issue 2, 373-383, 07 February 2013.

So, rather than pathogens being dangerous for you, they are actually good for you and help to develop your immune system!

Why the Social Responsibility Argument is Nonsense

The guilt trip method is a common vaccine marketing technique. If a parent is concerned, say about the ingredients in the shot for their child, they are told that they ‘have to’ vaccinate for the good of all other children to prevent the spread of disease in the community. This concept is flawed for a variety of reasons that I will explore here:

1. As stated above, diseases occur in 95% vaccinated communities and in outbreaks, the majority of those affected are already vaccinated. See pages http://www.vaccineriskawareness.com/Diseases-In-The-Vaccinated and http://www.vaccineriskawareness.com/Diseases-In-The-Vaccinated-Page-2 for regularly updated citations and articles about diseases in highly vaccinated populations.

2. Some vaccines are live and can shed in the child’s urine, excrement and saliva. Vaccine viruses can end up in our water supply by entering the sewage system and infect unvaccinated children, as reported in the ‘diseases in the vaccinated’ pages and http://www.vaccineriskawareness.com/Vaccine-Shedding. Killed virus vaccines have also been known to mutate and spread disease. For instance, a 16 year old girl died of meningitis B after kissing her boyfriend who’d just had the meningitis C vaccine. Scientists proved the bug was a mutated version of the vaccine virus – New England Journal of Medicine,Volume 342:219-220, January 20, 2000, number 3.

So in actual fact, the vaccinated are the ones who carry the disease and risk infecting the unvaccinated, rather than the other way around.

3. Doctors argue that people should be vaccinated to ‘protect’ those who are immuno-suppressed through cancer or some other cause. However, as vaccines mutate and shed, then an immuno-compromised person is at risk by being around a recently vaccinated person. For instance, the Merck Manual says ‘Immunocompromised patients should not receive live-virus vaccines, which could provoke severe or fatal infections.

Occasionally, within 1 mo of (chickenpox) vaccination, a mild maculopapular or varicella-like rash develops. Patients who develop this rash should avoid contact with immunocompromised people until it resolves. Spread of the virus from vaccine recipients to susceptible people has been documented in < 1% of recipients but only from those who developed a rash.

The same manual also states that 15% of children vaccinated with MMR will get a mild form of measles. They say it is noncommunicable but as it is live, the same as varicella vaccine, it could confer the same risk to the immuno-compromised. My eldest daughter actually got measles from a baby who’d just come straight from the MMR clinic. She broke out with classic measles rash and other symptoms 14 days later, which is the incubation period for measles.

No other child had it and there were no other cases in the area. I believe that my daughter, although she was hardly ever sick, was immuno-compromised to an extent because she was bottle fed due to me nearly dying from an infected episiotomy at her birth. Not having the antibodies and live white blood cells from my milk would have put her at extra risk for picking up vaccine derived viruses – http://www.vaccineriskawareness.com/Contraindications-people-who-shouldn-t-be-vaccinated-and-side-effects-From-The-Merck-Manual-vaccine-manufacturer-

I have had calls from nurses asking if it’s okay to vaccinate with live vaccines when there was a cancer ward next door and the patients were in direct contact. I said no. There are many documented cases of transmission to close contacts after live virus vaccine and the affect on an immuno-compromised person could be disasterous.

For instance, data for Flu Mist live flu vaccine spray states:

‘This medication should not be used if you have certain medical conditions. Before using this medicine, consult your doctor or pharmacist if you have: history of allergy to egg or egg products, immune deficiency.

After receiving the vaccine, you may shed influenza virus through the nose for up to 3 weeks. Tell laboratory personnel that you have used this medication. Nasal/oral specimens will test positive for influenza virus during this time. Also avoid close contact (e.g., same household) with people who are immunocompromised (e.g., HIV infection, cancer therapy) for at least 21 days. ‘

http://www.medicinenet.com/influenza_virus_vaccine_live-nasal/page2.htm

4. Vaccination is an invasive procedure on an otherwise healthy individual where no treatment is indicated. Vaccinations are not harmless sugar pills, they are drugs and like all drugs they have side-effects, sometimes serious. A person should never undergo any procedure involving risk for the benefit of someone else. Doctors argue that only ‘1 in a million’ are seriously injured or killed by vaccination, but if your child is that one, the risk to your child is 100%.

5. The responsibility of a parent is towards her own child. That is why we have something called Parental Responsibility (PR) in law. If your child is one of the 1 in 1000 children who suffer a seizure after MMR (http://www.immunisation.nhs.uk/Vaccines/MMR/Having_the_vaccination/after_mmr) then you will have essentially caused a seizure in your child to protect another child.

My own personal OPINION as a mother myself is that each parent is responsible for their own child and that child’s health and I will not risk my child’s health for a highly debatable perceived benefit to somebody else. If anything happened to my child as a result, I would be failing in my law given PR to protect my child.

Doctors argue that I am putting my children at risk by not vaccinating – but as stated further up the page, the majority of epidemics are occuring in the vaccinated as reported in many medical journals and newspapers.

6. The cancer patient who lives next door to you is not going to come around and give 24 hour a day care to your DPT brain injured child. He does not take social responsibility for your child – so why should your child take responsibility for him? According to Longmount Clinic, whole cell DPT causes brain damage in 1 in every 140,000 children – ‘Convulsions occur in 1 of 1750 vaccinations. Pertussis vaccine has also been associated with acute encephalopathy with permanent brain damage. Serious neurologic illness associated with whole cell pertussis vaccine is estimated at 1 in 140,000 – http://www.longmontclinic.com/Resources/A%20Guide%20to%20Childhood%20Immunizations

This is a truly SHOCKING figure. Although they argue that DTaP has now been developed that cuts the risk, but it only reduces MILD reactions, not serious ones. A data sheet for DTaP vaccine states:

‘Over the entire study period, 6 seizures were reported in the DAPTACEL™ group, 9 in the DT group and 3 in the whole-cell pertussis DTP group, for overall rates of 2.3, 3.5 and 1.4 per 1,000 vaccinees, respectively. One case of infantile spasms was reported in the DAPTACEL™ group.’ – so the seizures were actually more in the DTaP group than the whole cell group.

And:

‘The common local and systemic adverse experiences, after all 3 doses, for DAPTACEL™ and the participating acellular vaccines that have subsequently been licensed in the US were generally similar in type and frequency and were reduced in comparison to the whole-cell pertussis DTP vaccine.’

So the evidence suggests that only COMMON MILD side-effects are reduced, meaning a child’s risk from brain damage from a DPT containing vaccine could still be 1 in 140,000. – https://www.vaccineshoppe.com/image.cfm?image_type=product_pdfπ=286-10

7. Even if vaccines did work at preventing disease, there is no compensation for those who choose to partake in the programme. The UK government does not offer compensation to children injured or killed who were under the age of 2, and this is when most of the vaccines are given – http://www.vaccineriskawareness.com/Vaccine-Damage-Payments-Unit

If the person was older than that at the time of injury or death, then you have a slim chance of getting compensated but even then, you have to prove you are 60% disabled or more and if you do, you will only get a maximum payout of £120,000 – which will not pay for the life time care of a severely injured person.

Most of the time, an injury or death is passed off as ‘coincidence’ – http://www.telegraph.co.uk/health/swine-flu/6467984/People-will-die-after-swine-flu-vaccine—but-its-just-coincidence.html

If we are going to have a system of medicine where it is okay to sacrifice some for the benefit of the majority, which is the argument of vaccination, then we need to stand up and acknowledge those sacrificed and properly honour and compensate the families of the dead in the same way we honour our war dead.

Until such a system is implimented, parents choosing to ‘protect others’ via vaccination have no protection themselves if something goes wrong.

Is it Ethical to Kill Children to Save Children?

Should the government promote a medical intervention that undeniably causes death and serious injury to a minority in order to save the lives of the majority?

Vaccines are credited with saving the lives of millions of people from many diseases, but they have also taken lives. In Vaccine Epidemic: How Corporate Greed, Biased Science, and Coercive Government Threaten Our Human Rights, Our Health, and Our Children, authors Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland explain that the current vaccine program stakes the life of one child over another. No parents should be compelled to take actions that could cause their child to live a life of suffering, or even die.

Bill Gates recently stated on CNN that people who question the safety of vaccines are liars who are killing children: “So it’s an absolute lie that has killed thousands of kids… the people who go and engage in those anti-vaccine efforts — you know, they, they kill children.” In reality, it is the people who fail to question the safety of the current vaccine program who may be allowing innocent infants and children to suffer serious injuries, and even death. Could some of these injuries and deaths have been avoided?

Read the full article here: http://www.vaccineriskawareness.com/The-Herd-Immunity-Theory-Treating-Our-Children-Like-Cattle

Vaccine Epidemic

by Louise Kuo Habakus and Mary Holland J.D.

FREE Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33024,"by David E. Gumpert

The Complete Patient

The FDA sent a number of its agents into undercover mode to gather the goods on Dan Allgyer, the Pennsylvania Amish farmer named in a complaint filed on behalf of the FDA by the U.S. Department of Justice seeking a permanent injunction prohibiting the farmer from distributing milk outside of Pennsylvania.

According to the complaint filed in U.S. District court a couple weeks back, the FDA undercover effort has been going on for more than a year. “In late 2009, an investigator in FDA’s Baltimore District Office used aliases to join” the cooperative that Allgyer’s farm was supplying in Maryland and Washington, DC. The complaint noted that the group “warns group members to ‘not share information about our group and certainly not about our farmer’ with government agencies or doctors…”

Over the 15 months between December 2009 and March 2011, additional FDA investigators used the cooperative’s “online ordering website and placed orders for unpasteurized cow milk on 23 occasions…Payment for each purchase was made in the form of a money order payable to Dan Allgyer.” Payment was either mailed to Allgyer “or left inside a zip closure bag that was located at the pick up site in Maryland. FDA investigators picked up each unpasteurized milk order at various private residences in Maryland.”

I’m sure it will reassure the owners of these homes to know that FDA investigators were roaming their garages, decks, and back yards, snooping around, doing everything necessary to protect the owners and other food club members from not only the milk, but the eggs, beef, chicken, and other foods they sign on for from the Allgyer farm.

That wasn’t the end of the investigation, though. “An FDA laboratory analyzed twelve of the twenty-three samples of milk purchased by the FDA investigators and confirmed that all twelve were unpasteurized.” Whew! Got to tie up those loose ends.

Investigators also visited Allgyer’s farm on April 20, 2010, and “observed numerous portable coolers in the Defendant’s driveway and a walk-in cooler/freezer on the property that contained products that appeared to be milk and other assorted dairy products. The coolers were labeled with the names of various locations within Maryland, including ‘Takoma Park,’ ‘Bethesda,’ ‘Bowie,’ and ‘Silver Springs’.”

The complaint notes that the consumers had “club membership,” but doesn’t explore whether that counts as “interstate commerce.” Most food clubs are set up to take delivery of food they already own under leasing and agent relationships.

Certainly the Allgyer experience reinforces the push by food clubs to carefully screen their members. It’s difficult, though, when you’re dealing with determined professional agents driven in their mission to deprive ordinary people of real food.

Read the Complete Article here: http://www.thecompletepatient.com/journal/2011/4/29/memo-to-petraeus-at-cia-grab-those-fda-guys-who-took-out-ami.html [1]

See also: The Raw Milk Wars: Time to Take a Stand for Food Freedom [2]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47354,"A new study has emerged that may give hope to those who may see themselves as the proverbial “90-pound weakling.” Surprisingly, the remedy can be found in the garden. The study, recently conducted at the Washington School of Medicine in St. Louis, is one of several university trials revealing that a small amount of beet juice is all it takes to beef up your exercise performance and endurance. The researchers found nine heart failure subjects who experienced the typical symptoms — loss of skeletal muscle strength, reduced ability to exercise and even evidence that quality of life was suffering. Each individual exhibited measurable improvement. The patients were given 140 milliliters — about two-thirds of a cup — of concentrated beet juice, followed by testing, which found an almost instantaneous increase in their muscle capacity by an average of 13 percent. The study was published in the journal Circulation: Heart Failure in September 2015. One of the study’s coauthors, Andrew Coggan, assistant professor of radiology at the university, asserted that’s the type of boost one might get after a few hard months of resistance training. The source of this impressive difference, studies revealed, came from nitric oxide. One of the most important benefits beet juice offers the heart is that its compounds “de-stiffen” patients’ blood vessels when the individual is at rest. This prevents the heart from having to work so hard and also demonstrates potential value to diabetics. Interestingly, it’s occurred to more than a few scientists that a similar therapy might be useful for lowering blood pressure. When testing was being done on individuals with heart failure, scientists concentrated specifically on the muscles used to extend the knee, looking for improvement in power, which they specified as a combination of force and velocity. This is crucial for athletes in training, such as sprinting or gymnastics. That easy-to-take-for-granted strength is also required by people who want to climb stairs, move furniture around, or simply get up from the toilet, an action that — if they’re unable to accomplish — is what most often puts people in a nursing home.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
1714,"Information about Infertility and Fecundity

by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

For several years now, I have been noticing scientific references to how human fertility is being threatened. I wasn’t sure what to make of these warnings, because it seems that couples are still producing offspring and the schools are still full of children.

Recently, I read several statistics that made me pause and examine whether the threat is real.

The U.S. fertility rate fell to another record low in 2012, with 63.0 births per 1,000 women ages 15 to 44 years old, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That’s down slightly from the previous low of 63.2 in 2011. It marked the fifth year in a row the U.S. birth rate has declined, and the lowest rate on record since the government started tracking the fertility rate in 1909. [1] For five years now, America’s teen birth rate has plummeted at an unprecedented rate, falling faster and faster. Between 2007 and 2013, the number of babies born to teens annually fell by 38.4 percent, according to research firm Demographic Intelligence. This drop occurred in tandem with steep declines in the abortion rate. [2] A few years ago, statistics from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention put the number of women having difficulty conceiving at approximately 10 percent—roughly 1 in 10. Now, using results from this newest survey [reported in 2013], that number appears to be closer to 16 percent—1 in every 6 couples. [3]

Do these statistics alarm you? Are we watching the leading edge of a slowly moving tidal wave of infertility about to sweep over the world, or is this just a little statistical blip that will reverse itself next year?

I wasn’t sure what is really happening with human fertility until I took a hard look at the data and the science. I now believe that there is strong reason to be concerned about the emerging trend.

Scientists Identify Numerous Causes of Infertility

We are being warned that our exposure to pesticides, industrial chemicals, processed food, food additives, sugar, trans fats, genetically modified food, vaccines, medications, radiation, tobacco, excessive alcohol, recreational drugs, cleaning products, synthetic fragrances, and other toxins are all having a negative effect upon the ability to conceive and produce healthy babies.

There are research studies scattered throughout various scientific disciplines, which are raising serious warnings about the harmful consequences of our lifestyle choices. These choices are threatening our capacity to produce healthy children.

Sadly, these warnings are largely being ignored by the mainstream media.

Fertility Rate is Different than Prevalence of Infertility

What we commonly see in the media is a discussion of fertility rate, but when considering the threat to our on-going ability to produce children, we must also consider the prevalence of infertility.

We are seeing an increasing prevalence of couples that are not able to produce children even though they wish to become parents. If it takes 10 women producing 21 children in order to maintain the current population in the United States, then what happens if one or two of those women are unable to have children? If the population is to remain stable, then the remaining 8 or 9 women will need to produce additional children. So, if 8 out of every 10 women produce 21 children, then the population stays stable.

Thus, the fertility rate could remain stable even if a large number of couples are infertile. This leads to the mistaken assumption that as long as babies continue to be produced every year, then we shouldn’t be concerned about fertility.

So, what about the 16% of couples who are now infertile? Do we ignore the increasing rate of infertility or should we see it as the leading edge of a trend that is heading toward even higher rates of infertility?

The evidence is clear! There is an emerging trend of increasing infertility and the reasons for the trend are easy to see if we are willing to look for them.

What is the Mainstream Media saying about the Rate of Fertility?

The mainstream media commonly speaks of the fertility rate when they discuss the topic of social trends in human reproduction. They usually paint a picture that shows us that everything is OK and any reductions in the fertility rate should be seen as a positive sign of social progress. We are being encouraged to believe that a lower population will be better for America and the world, and it doesn’t matter much how that goal is accomplished.

Some media sources want us to believe that these trends are simply a matter of economic choice, i.e., the economy is slow and couples are just delaying bringing children into the world until they can better afford to raise them. Certainly this has some truth, because this type of trend was observed during the Great Depression at the beginning of the 1930s. But I think there is much more to the story, which is the point of this article.

CNN Money Reported in September 2013:

The U.S. fertility rate fell to another record low in 2012, with 63.0 births per 1,000 women ages 15 to 44 years old, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That’s down slightly from the previous low of 63.2 in 2011. It marked the fifth year in a row the U.S. birth rate has declined, and the lowest rate on record since the government started tracking the fertility rate in 1909. In 2007, the rate was 69.3.

It takes 2.1 children per woman for a given generation to replace itself, and U.S. births have been below replacement level since 2007. About 22% of 18-to-34-year-olds surveyed by the Pew Research Center in December 2011 said they had postponed having a baby because of economic conditions. Even in 2012 — three years after the recession officially ended — 36% of Millennials ages 18 to 31 still lived at home with their parents, according to Pew analysis of U.S. Census data. [4]

VOX.com reported in August 2014:

For five years now, America’s teen birth rate has plummeted at an unprecedented rate, falling faster and faster. Between 2007 and 2013, the number of babies born to teens annually fell by 38.4 percent, according to research firm Demographic Intelligence. This drop occurred in tandem with steep declines in the abortion rate. That suggests that the drop isn’t the product of more teenagers terminating pregnancies. More simply, fewer girls are getting pregnant.

But there’s something uniquely frustrating about the recent, steep decline in teen birth rates: nobody knows why it’s happened. The recent and rapid decline in the teen birth rate is largely a mystery. It makes it difficult to implement policies to further reduce teen births when nobody knows what’s working so well right now.

“You want to say, well, let’s just keep doing what we’re doing,” Laura Lindberg, a senior research associate at the Guttmacher Institute said. “But then you have to answer the question: what in the world are we doing?” [5] (emphasis added)

Ecologists, toxicologists, sociologists, physicians, policy analysts, etc. all tend to view data through the lenses of their own profession. When a pattern such as the decline in fertility rates is observed, these professionals will formulate theories based on their expertise, and will often ignore other possibilities, which are outside of their field of knowledge.

Health educators and public health policy makers are eager to take credit for the falling fertility rates, because they believe it is a sign of social progress and a sign of their influence. They believe that teen pregnancy should be avoided so that young women can seek careers, rather than be stay at home moms.

Having read quite a bit of literature about fertility and fecundity, I have come to the conclusion that the changes in fertility rates do not have a single cause. I do not necessarily believe that the rapid fall in the pregnancy rate is completely positive news or a sign of social progress. Rather, I suspect that these trends may actually include the negative consequences of various forms of toxic chemical exposure and the negative consequences of the standard American diet, which are making it impossible for many couples to have children.

In general, the mainstream media wants us to believe that the falling birth rate is a wonderful accomplishment. They are not sure why it is happening, but they want us to rejoice in the social progress and not be alarmed. Should we really be rejoicing, or should we be mourning over the dark side of what is happening? Let’s look more closely at the other side of the story, which is infertility.

Prevalence of Infertility

As we have seen, Americans are having fewer children. However, increasing numbers of couples who want children are unable to conceive and produce healthy babies. They are turning to very expensive medical procedures as an alternative to natural conception.

The Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology (SART), an affiliate of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine, is the primary organization of professionals dedicated to the practice of assisted reproductive technologies in the United States. Its 2012 press release on assisted reproductive technologies in the US states:

SART’s 379 member clinics performed 165,172 cycles, or procedures involving IVF, in 2012. These procedures resulted in the birth of 61,740 babies, an increase of more than 2000 infants from 2011. There were an estimated 3.9 million babies born in the US in 2012, thus IVF babies now constitute over 1.5% of all births. This is the largest number of cycles, of babies and percentage of babies born through IVF ever reported. [6]

Reuters reported in January of 2013 that almost one out of every 6 couples is now experiencing infertility. They reported that the Society for Assisted Reproductive Technology indicated that the cost for each round of in-vitro fertilization (IVF) cost $15,000 in 2010. [7]

If we multiply the 2010 cost of each round of IVF treatment by the 165,172 treatments given in 2012, we find that Americans spent 2.48 billion dollars to produce 61,740 babies. This is a cost of $40,129 per child. Should we be concerned that 1.5% of US children are being produced by this extreme and expensive form of medical intervention? Reuters further reported:

Infertility specialist Dr. Sacha Krieg from the University of Kansas Medical Center in Kansas City agreed that infertility rates may be on the rise – possibly due to women waiting longer to try to have children or, more controversially, to the possible effects of environmental toxins. [8]

An article from the National Center for Biotechnology Information speaks more directly to the environmental effects on increasing rates of human infertility. Their report states:

Fertility declines may stem at least in part from the modern tendency to delay child-bearing until later in life, when fertility naturally declines. But this doesn’t explain the fact that, according to a December 2005 report of the CDC’s National Survey on Family Growth (NSFG), the fastest-growing segment of U.S. women with impaired fecundity (the capacity to conceive and carry a child to term) is those under 25. Clues from environmental exposure assessments, wildlife studies, and animal and human studies hint at additional factors: exposure to low-level environmental contaminants such as phthalates, polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs), dioxins, pesticides, and other chemicals may be subtly undermining our ability to reproduce.

As recognized by the American Society of Reproductive Medicine, infertility is a biological disease that impairs a couple’s ability to achieve a viable pregnancy. It can be caused by hormonal, ovarian, uterine, urological, and other medical factors. Known risk factors include advanced age, being over-or underweight, lack of exercise, smoking, alcohol and substance abuse, sexually transmitted diseases, and poor nutrition. [9]

It is very easy to underestimate the complex series of events that must take place within a male body and a female body to prepare for the possibility of achieving pregnancy. Julia Barrett, author of the article, “Fertile Grounds of Inquiry: Environmental Effects on Human Reproduction,” provides us with even more important information about fertility. Her report states:

Fertility transcends the reproductive system, notes Louis Guillette, a professor of zoology at the University of Florida in Gainesville. “When you talk about infertility, you literally are talking about probably almost every system in the body—infertility is an integrated signal of all these different systems,” he explains.

“There seems to be more to it [impaired fecundity] than can be explained from traditional understanding about impacts,” says Joseph Isaacs, president and CEO of RESOLVE: The National Infertility Association. “As a patient advocacy group, we believe more research into environmental impacts is needed. We fear that future generations may be at risk because of exposures to toxic substances as early as in utero.”

Geographic differences may suggest environmental exposures that need investigation, wrote Swan in a paper published in the February 2006 issue of Seminars in Reproductive Medicine. For example, in the first phase of the EPA-funded Study for Future Families, of which Swan is the principal investigator, she and her colleagues saw significant reductions in sperm concentration, motility, and total motile sperm in men from Columbia, Missouri, compared with men in New York City, Minneapolis, and Los Angeles. In an in-depth follow-up study comparing variables between the Columbia and Minneapolis men, the researcher discovered that the Missouri group had had higher exposure to agricultural pesticides. Further, men with low sperm counts were more likely to have higher urine metabolite levels of the pesticides alachlor, atrazine, metolachlor, and diazinon. [10] (emphasis added)

Environmental Toxic Exposure from GMO Crops and Infertility

There are several scientific studies that describe the direct link between toxic exposure and increasing rates of infertility. As you will see, this is not just an US phenomenon, but a worldwide pattern, which is prompting international concern. Toxic exposure most frequently targets the endocrine system, which must function properly in both the male and female if children are to be conceived and brought into the world. Minor disruptions in the balance of hormones can disrupt numerous life processes and prevent pregnancy.

Dr. Swanson, one of the leading researchers in the field of glyphosate’s effect upon the human endocrine system provides some basic information to explain how pesticide exposure disrupts the endocrine system. She identifies glyphosate as an endocrine disrupter, and further states:

The endocrine disrupting properties of glyphosate (Roundup Ready Herbicide used on GMO crops) can lead to reproductive problems: infertility, miscarriage, birth defects, and sexual development. Fetuses, infants and children are especially susceptible because they are continually experiencing growth and hormonal changes. For optimal growth and development, it is crucial that their hormonal system is functioning properly. There are increasing reports of glyphosates and glyphosate formulations causing sexual dysfunction, low birth weight, fewer births and sterility in laboratory animals, farm animals and humans. A Russian study found that feeding hamsters GMO soy resulted in complete sterility after two or three generations.

… Other known endocrine disruptors are: BPA (bisphenol-A) & phthalates (both in plastics), dioxins (byproduct of smelting, paper bleaching, manufacture of herbicides and pesticides), atrazine, and polychlorinated biphenyls (PCBs — used in electrical equipment, coatings, inks, adhesives, flame-retardants, and paints). Indeed, we are bombarded with a veritable cocktail of chemicals daily in addition to GMOs and their associated herbicides. These include food preservatives (BHA & BHT), water contaminants (chlorine & fluoride), food additives (aspartame, monosodium glutamate, carrageenan), and food coloring to name a few. We have been exposed to an increasing background level of chemicals for over 40 years. The body burden becomes overwhelming. GMOs [genetically modified organisms] may be pushing us off the cliff. [11]

Canadian researchers report a relationship between glyphosate and endometriosis. Endometriosis is an estrogen-dependent inflammatory disease affecting 10% of reproductive-aged women. It is often accompanied by chronic pelvic pain and infertility. Over the last decade, an increase in the incidence of endometriosis has been reported. It is being linked with the introduction of genetically modified foods in our diet. [12]

Vaccines and Infertility

Clear medical evidence now shows that some vaccines can cause permanent infertility in teenage girls and young women.

In October of 2013 the American Journal of Reproductive Immunology published a report of “primary ovarian failure,” where three young girls stopped having periods and showed signs of menopause following the HPV vaccine. [13]

This followed a report written by Dr. Deirdre Little, a pediatrician in Australia, documenting the HPV vaccine causing premature menopause in one of her 16 year old patients in 2012. Dr. Little published a paper in the British Medical Journal warning about the effects of the Gardasil HPV vaccine in potentially destroying young girl’s reproductive health. [14] (See: Study: HPV Vaccine Linked to Premature Menopause in Young Girls.)

The Washington Times reports on a vaccine court case involving Gardasil related infertility:

Two Wisconsin sisters have asked a federal court to find that a government-recommended vaccine is responsible for them losing the ability to conceive children.

At issue is Gardasil, a three-dose vaccine recommended for children 11 to 12 years old to prevent infection by certain strains of human papillomavirus (HPV) that are linked to genital and oral cancers.

The case of Madelyne Meylor, 20, and Olivia Meylor, 19, of Mount Horeb, Wisc., was presented last week to a special master with the vaccine program at the U.S. Federal Claims Court in Washington, D.C.

The women say the premature ovarian failure they both experienced by age 16 was caused by the three doses of Gardasil they received in their young teens. [15]

According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, over 67 million doses of the HPV vaccine have been injected into [mostly] young girls between 2006 and 2013. [16]

Since these vaccines are recommended starting at age 12, we have yet to see the full effects of the HPV vaccine on fertility and reproductive health in upcoming generations.

Dr. Mercola reported about Polysorbate 80, which is an endocrine system disrupting ingredient in flu vaccines. It is linked to infertility. His article explains:

Swine flu vaccine, among others, contains Polysorbate 80, also known as Tween 80.

A study done in Slovakia on female rats found that when newborn rats were injected with the substance within a week of birth, they developed damage to the vagina and uterine lining, hormonal changes, ovarian deformities and infertility.

The package insert for Fluarix mentions that the manufacturer cannot guarantee your fertility will be unharmed. Further, if your fertility is compromised, recently passed laws protecting vaccine makers will prevent you from holding GlaxoSmithKline responsible.

Would you feel comfortable being injected with a vaccine that contains a substance that has been strongly linked to infertility? Well, if you take the Fluarix swine flu vaccine manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline or any of the other swine flu vaccines that contain Polysorbate 80, that is exactly what you will be doing. [17]

Prescription Drugs and Infertility

There is evidence that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs inhibit ovulation. Women who have used thyroid replacement hormones, antidepressants, tranquilizers or asthma medication were reported to have elevated risks of being unable to release eggs during the menstrual cycle (anovulatory infertility).

Chemotherapy treatment with cytotoxic drugs can induce ovarian failure at different rates for various types of malignancies. Chemotherapy treatment can produce a situation where there are no sperm cells in semen (azoospermia), which is permanent in most cases.

Medication such as cimetidine and sulphasalazine, long term-daily use of some antibiotics, and androgen injections can affect semen quality and can cause low sperm count (oligozoospermia). Use of beta-blockers and psychotropic drugs may lead to impotence. [18]

Conclusions: Infertility is a Huge Problem Plaguing Modern Society

Throughout history, we know that there has always been some level of infertility among couples. We now know that infertility is not just a problem with the reproductive capability of women, but is also shared by men.

The research that has been presented shows that male infertility is a growing concern, because many of the toxic substances that men encounter have estrogenic qualities, which can disrupt their endocrine functioning. The result can be diminished sperm counts and diminished sperm vitality/mobility.

We also know that the food couples eat will have a direct ability to either contribute to fertility or to inhibit fertility. The low fat standard American diet with its emphasis on sugar, white flour, trans fats, polyunsaturated oils, and hundreds of chemical additives, will interfere with conception because of all the toxins contained in this type of diet, its inadequate amount of healthy saturated fat, and its sparse amount of nutrients. In earlier times, people were not afraid of dietary fat. They valued a high fat diet and some cultures encouraged young couples to eat special foods designed to prepare their bodies for conception and pregnancy. Infertility should not be seen as a personal failure of individuals to produce children.

The reality is that both men and women are constantly being exposed to factors that are making it more and more difficult to conceive and bring children into the world. There was a time when almost all couples placed children at the center of their lives. Their properly balanced hormonal activity fostered a strong natural desire to produce children and to devote themselves to the raising of the next generation.

Today, our natural hormonal balance is under constant stress from numerous factors that are hard for us to control. We all face many distractions and economic needs, which are weakening the desire as well as the ability to conceive and raise children.

Unless our exposure to junk food and toxic chemical contamination begins to decrease, it is unlikely that the prevalence of infertility will decrease. The warning has been clearly given by scientists; it is up to us to respond.

Young couples may need to take strong steps to insure their ability to produce children. For many couples, it may be necessary to change their diet and to limit their exposure to fertility disrupting substances. For those of us who are beyond the age of bearing children, we can help by speaking the truth about the low quality toxic food supply in America and the high levels of environmental toxins, which are threatening our future reproductive health.

Get the eBook on How to Overcome Infertility Naturally

If you are seeking for natural ways as opposed to drugs to increase your fertility, I hope that you obtain the eBook below that we have created on fertility. In that book, you will understand that the suggestions being offered there are made with respect and honor for the important work that young couples are doing for us. It is truly a special time of your life and I wish to be an encouragement to you as you work to solve the problem of your infertility.

The eBook contains the information from this article, as well as my second article on this topic:

In addition to all of the information contained in these two articles, it also includes the following practical advice:

Cleaning the Toxic Load from Your Life and Your Body

Suggestions Concerning Pesticides in Your Environment

Suggestions Concerning Pesticides in Your food

Suggestions Concerning Pesticides in Your Water

Suggestions Concerning Plasticizing Chemicals

Suggestions Concerning Smoking and Air Pollution

Suggestions Concerning Formaldehyde and other Chemical Additives in Cleaning Products

Suggestions Concerning Solvents

Suggestions Concerning Doing a Home Makeover

Suggestions Concerning Pharmaceutical Drugs and Vaccines

Suggestions Concerning Coffee, Alcohol, and other Recreational Drugs

Suggestions Concerning Toxic Exposure at Work

Making Lifestyle Changes

Suggestions Concerning Your Weight

Suggestions for How to Lose Weight

Suggestions Concerning Cell Phones and other Electronic Devices

Suggestions about Sleep

Suggestions Concerning Alternative Health Practitioners

Suggestions Concerning Prayer

Waiting after Making Lifestyle changes before Trying to Conceive



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24315,"by Dr. Mercola Tom Philpott got much more of a reaction to his February 10, 2011, aspartame article than he expected. He reports, “I guess in the back of my mind, I was thinking, people still drink that stuff?” Well, they do—by the bucketful. Overall, U.S. soda consumption is declining slowly, but Americans still drink more soda than anyone else on the planet, by a wide margin. According to one reckoning, the average American drinks 736 “eight-ounce servings” each year. Adam Ozimek of the Modeled Behavior blog quickly mounted a vigorous defense of aspartame, the artificial sweetener of choice for the soda industry, claiming, “the unnecessary stress caused by worrying about the aspartame in your diet soda is far more dangerous for you than the aspartame in your soda.” Ozimek also compared warnings about aspartame’s danger to 9/11 conspiracy theories, claiming the FDA “adequately followed its food additive approval process in approving aspartame.” Philpott goes on to point out recent studies that shed new light on aspartame’s dangers to your health (including risk of cancer, stroke, and type 2 diabetes), as well as discussing the pro-business and regulatory-shy Obama administration that has failed to recognize “public health is being harmed by agency practices that defer to business interests.”

Sources:

Dr. Mercola’s Comments:

Aspartame is the most controversial food additive in history, and its approval for use in food was one of the most hotly contested in FDA history. The artificial sweetener was approved, not on scientific grounds, but because of strong political and financial pressures. With all the research now available on aspartame and its various ingredients, it’s hard to believe such a chemical would be allowed into the food supply, but it is, and it’s been silently wreaking havoc with people’s health for the past 30 years. Just to refresh your memory, aspartame has been linked to the following health concerns:

Lymphomas, leukemias, and brain cancer Asthma Neurological symptoms including headaches, depressed and anxious mood, seizures, memory loss, hallucinations, and dizziness Visual changes Weakness and fatigue Joint pain Sleep disorders Weight gain and diabetes Abdominal cramps, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea Rashes and hives

The truth is, aspartame should never have been released into the market, and allowing it to remain on the market is really a serious public health issue—no matter how many times it gets rebranded with splashy new names, like Neotame and AminoSweet. Aspartame has been the subject of a great deal of research over the past several decades. But much of this research has been seriously flawed due to major conflict of interest—funded by those interested in promoting aspartame at any cost.

The Most Compelling Evidence Linking Aspartame to Cancer

As Tom Philpott pointed out, aspartame studies have been extremely biased, depending on the organization providing the funding. Studies funded by the sweetener industry tend to conclude aspartame is safe, whereas studies funded independently show all manner of adverse health effects. In the early 2000s, Italian cancer researcher Dr. Morando Soffritti, head of the European Ramazzini Foundation of Oncology and Environmental Sciences, conducted aspartame safety studies on rats in an effort to find some answers. His studies were different from earlier ones in that he studied a much larger population of rats (1,900 of the little rodents) and observed them over the course of their entire natural lifetimes (about 3 years). A very important fact to consider here is that the Ramazzini foundation is a well respected, independent, non-profit institution that has been dedicated to cancer prevention for more than 35 years. Dr. Soffritti believed the studies done by Searle in the 1970s involved insufficient numbers of rats, and did not allow them to live long enough to develop cancer. The rats in the Searle studies were euthanized after two years, arguably before many cancers would have developed. Soffritti explained: “Since 80 percent of cancer is diagnosed in humans over the age of 55, it is of paramount importance to observe how an agent affects laboratory animals in the last third of their lives.” What did he find? The first study found, after being fed the “human equivalent” of four to five bottles of diet soda per day, the rats developed high rates of lymphomas, leukemias and other cancers. At the highest dose, 25 percent of the female rats developed lymphomas and leukemias, compared with just 8.7 percent of the control group. Dr. Soffritti attributed the cancer to the methanol produced as a byproduct of aspartame metabolism. As with rats, when your body breaks down methanol, the result is formaldehyde, a known carcinogen. The researchers determined aspartame’s carcinogenic effect was observed at levels as low as 400 parts per million (ppm), concluding the following: “The results of this mega-experiment indicate that APM [aspartame] is a multipotential carcinogenic agent, even at a daily dose of 20 mg/kg body weight, much less than the current acceptable daily intake. On the basis of these results, a reevaluation of the present guidelines on the use and consumption of APM is urgent and cannot be delayed.” Not surprisingly, the results drew massive criticism from the industry and vociferous attempts to discredit the Ramazzini Foundation and its research. But the foundation refused to back down. In 2007, they published a follow-up study—again finding cancer linked with aspartame use. But this time, their findings included a troubling discovery that when exposure begins in the womb, aspartame’s carcinogenic effect is amplified. Sadly, no American regulatory agency has acted on Dr. Soffritti’s findings, and the FDA stubbornly clings to its position that aspartame is safe.

Watering the Seeds of Deception

The Obama administration has made sure Monsanto will enjoy even more control over what you eat. The appointment of Tom Vilsack to Secretary of Agriculture was a foreshadowing of things to come. As former Iowa Governor, Vilsack was a staunch advocate for Monsanto, genetic engineering, and factory farming. And many other USDA officials have similar ties. After a five-year battle with the industry, the USDA just gave its stamp of approval for genetically engineered alfalfa and sugar beets. Farmers will be allowed to plant GMO alfalfa and beet seeds anywhere—even abutting organic farms. This decision poses dire possibilities for our entire food supply as these GM seeds drift hither and to neighboring farms, invited or not. Sugar beets are wind-pollinated crops whose pollen can be carried up to six miles, depending on the winds. Is this really what Michelle Obama wants in her organic White House garden? Beets and alfalfa are one thing—but what do GMOs have to do with aspartame? As it turns out, quite a lot.

The Connection Between Aspartame and GMOs

Aspartame is made with genetically modified bacteria—E. coli, to be specific. Monsanto uses GM bacteria in the process of making aspartame in their American factories—and insists it is completely safe. According to an article in The Independent: “Aspartame is made by combining phenylalanine, which is naturally produced by bacteria, with another amino acid. Monsanto has genetically engineered the bacteria to make them produce more phenylalanine. Scientists fear that other unknown compounds, which may end up in food, are produced by the genetic engineering process.” Aspartame is composed of two amino acids, aspartic acid and phenylalanine. All products containing aspartame must be labeled with the information “contains phenylalanine” (which is dangerous if you suffer from the metabolic illness phenylketonuria). But additives that are manufactured with the aid of GMOs do NOT require labeling as such, provided the additive contains no actual microorganisms. So, two of the greatest health hazards of modern times—artificial sweeteners and GMOs—originate behind the doors of Monsanto, the most powerful biotech company in the world. “GMO-free” products have outpaced even “gluten-free” products as the fastest growing section of your grocery store aisle. Surveys show that up to 90 percent of U.S. consumers are in favor of mandatory GMO labeling. But the government isn’t listening to you. Jay Feldman, director of Beyond Pesticides, puts it well: “The Secretary of Agriculture should have picked up on the transparency advocacy that the President and this administration has put forth. It really is hypocritical of an administration that advocates transparency to support a technology that is secret to the consumer and to people who would like to make an informed choice.” If GMOs are used in making aspartame, of which few people are aware, how many other products contain GMOs that we don’t know about?

What You Can Do

Only a fraction of all adverse reactions to drugs and vaccines are ever reported—estimates are between 1 and 4 percent. Chances are, adverse reactions from other FDA-regulated products, like aspartame, are probably even lower.This is a problem that only youcan correct. Your best strategy is to vote with your pocketbook and avoid purchasing any aspartame products. You can carefully read the list of ingredients and see if aspartame is there and avoid it. Additionally you can avoid the branded labels of aspartame such as:

NutraSweet Equal AminoSweet Canderel Natra Taste Neotame Spoonful

It would also be helpful to alert the FDA to a problem with a product they’ve approved, they must be notified by as many people as possible who are experiencing the problem. So I urge you, if you experience side effects from aspartame, report it to the FDA without delay. It’s easy to make a report—just go to the FDA Consumer Complaint Coordinator page, find the phone number for your state, and make a call reporting your reaction. There’s no telling just how many reports they might need to receive before taking another look at aspartame’s safety and reconsidering their stance. But I CAN tell you, the more reports they get, the more likely that is to happen. So if you suspect you have experienced an adverse reaction from aspartame (or any other drug or food additive), please take a moment to make this important call.

Read the full article here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/06/08/aspartame-toxic-sweetener.aspx

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.

Read We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies on your mobile device! FREE! – $$0.99

Free Shipping Available for this book!

Learn More",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24518,"by Andrew W. Saul

Editor-In-Chief, Orthomolecular Medicine News Service

GreenMedInfo.com

The National Library of Medicine Censors Nutritional Research

Medline is Biased, and Taxpayers Pay for It

Did you know that there are “good” medical journals, and that there are “naughty” medical journals?

No kidding. The good journals are easy to access on the internet through a huge electronic database called […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24260,"by Alliance for Natural Health

To Silence Political Dissent, IRS Issues New Rule Censoring Our Free Speech

ANH-USA could be targeted—along with your right to political representation. Action Alert!

In May 2013, the IRS was caught illegally discriminating against Tea Party groups applying for 501(c)4 nonprofit status. In the wake of the scandal, the IRS worked to eliminate illegal censorship of political dissent—by attempting to legalize it.

On Black Friday, under cover of a day when no one follows the news, the IRS issued proposed rules to severely restrict the activities of 501(c)4 nonprofit organizations such as ANH-USA. These rules would place strict limitations on speech, eliminate your voice in the political process, and put consumer advocacy nonprofits like ANH-USA under a gag order, leaving powerful private interests and their government allies free to operate in secret. In short, the new IRS rules are an egregious violation of the First Amendment.

501(c)4s are defined as tax-exempt organizations that “primarily” work to “promote social welfare” (for example, through public education), but that are still allowed to engage in political activity. The IRS’s new rules would shift many activities traditionally classified as “social welfare” and recategorize them as “political intervention.” Worse, the IRS is seeking to strictly limit the meaning of the word “primarily” so that, for example, the IRS could allow 501(c)4s to engage in political activities only .01% of the time…essentially eliminating their ability to take any political action!

The new IRS rules also censor what 501(c)4s can tell the public. For example, even naminga candidate in any public communication through any medium, even orally—and this includes even vague references to him or her—within sixty days of a general election or thirty days of a primary election will be considered “political activity.”

Under these rules, the speech of 501(c)4s will be severely curtailed, as they may be afraid to engage in any political activities for fear of IRS or government retaliation. Any disgruntled politician could easily ask the IRS to revoke the 501(c)4 status of groups who disagree with his or her politics! Also, incumbents will be given a thirty- to sixty-day free pass to introduce legislation with limited public scrutiny.

Consider the implications: Sen. Durbin of Illinois—you may remember him as the anti-supplement senator who wants to regulate supplements like drugs—is up for reelection in 2014. If he reintroduces or has new anti-natural health legislation filed during the sixty days before legislation, ANH-USA would be preventing from telling you about his connection to it.

Moreover, the IRS’s definition of “candidate” is absurdly broad—it can even be an individual up for nomination or appointment to any public office. As nominees are often current regulators, this means we wouldn’t be able to tell you about their connection to federal rules under debate…like the one we’re telling you about right now!

Federal law has in the past been quite clear that regulatory matters are not considered part of politics. It is not considered lobbying to contact your legislator about proposed rule changes. Now suddenly, in clear violation of the law, regulatory processes are going to be equated with electoral politics. This is very wrong and needs to be stopped now.

Without 501(c)4s—organizations that pool the resources of many like-minded individuals—the only remaining political influences will be the huge industries (Big Pharma, Big Agro, and Big Biotech included), unions, and other special interests that can afford to make enormous contributions and hire expensive lobbyists.

Action Alert! The IRS has no business in politics. Tell the agency to rescind this political gag order and protect the right of political dissenters and organizations that represent individuals like you! Please send your message to the IRS immediately!

Read the full article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/irs-issues-new-rule-censoring-our-free-speech/

Global Censorship of Health Information

The Politics of Controlling Therapeutic Information to Protect State-Sponsored Drug Monopolies

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24655,"[1]

Coconut Oil and Olive Oil mayonnaise – good for ketogenic diets. Recipe here [1].

Health Impact News Editor Comments:

The ketogenic diet was developed at John Hopkins hospital in the 1920s as a natural cure for epilepsy, when drugs failed. Today, the diet therapy is coming back into favor, as much research has been published about the long-term safety of the diet, as well as researching debunking the “saturated-fat-is-bad” dogma. In this study, done at Massachusetts General Hospital, the diet was modified to also be gluten-free and casein-free, using medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) instead of butter and cream for the fat source. Coconut oil is nature’s most abundant source of MCTs after human breast milk. The results of this modified diet in one girl’s life was that it reversed autism and stopped seizures.

Autism and Dietary Therapy

Case Report and Review of the Literature

Martha R. Herbert, PhD, MD1 [2]

Julie A. Buckley, MD, FAAP2 [3]

1Pediatric Neurology and TRANSCEND Research, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA, USA

2Pediatric Partners of Ponte Vedra, Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida; Nova Southeastern University, Fort Lauderdale, FL, USA

Martha R. Herbert, PhD, MD, Pediatric Neurology, TRANSCEND Research, Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston, MA 02129, USA. Email: marthaherbertmd@gmail.com

Author Contributions MRH and JAB contributed equally to this work.

Abstract

We report the history of a child with autism and epilepsy who, after limited response to other interventions following her regression into autism, was placed on a gluten-free, casein-free diet, after which she showed marked improvement in autistic and medical symptoms. Subsequently, following pubertal onset of seizures and after failing to achieve full seizure control pharmacologically she was advanced to a ketogenic diet that was customized to continue the gluten-free, casein-free regimen. On this diet, while still continuing on anticonvulsants, she showed significant improvement in seizure activity. This gluten-free casein-free ketogenic diet used medium-chain triglycerides rather than butter and cream as its primary source of fat. Medium-chain triglycerides are known to be highly ketogenic, and this allowed the use of a lower ratio (1.5:1) leaving more calories available for consumption of vegetables with their associated health benefits. Secondary benefits included resolution of morbid obesity and improvement of cognitive and behavioral features. Over the course of several years following her initial diagnosis, the child’s Childhood Autism Rating Scale score decreased from 49 to 17, representing a change from severe autism to nonautistic, and her intelligence quotient increased 70 points. The initial electroencephalogram after seizure onset showed lengthy 3 Hz spike-wave activity; 14 months after the initiation of the diet the child was essentially seizure free and the electroencephalogram showed only occasional 1-1.5 second spike-wave activity without clinical accompaniments.

Source: http://jcn.sagepub.com/content/early/2013/05/09/0883073813488668.abstract [4]

More info on the ketogenic diet [5].

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[6]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [6]

[8]

[9]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32771,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Continuing the trend in courts recently, another victim of Shaken Baby Syndrome (SBS), a mom in Colorado, had her conviction tossed out and the judge ordered a new trial.

The reason is because the defense never brought up scientific evidence challenging SBS, and that signs of SBS do not guarantee guilt.

This trend by judges all across the U.S. is causing groups like the American Bar Association to train attorneys on how to fight SBS convictions. See:

This is one case where law and the courts are bringing to the light the truth that SBS is bogus science, and trumping the power of doctors who can give authority to Child Protective Services to remove a child from a home for “abuse” based simply on examining x-rays of an injury.

As we have previously reported here on MedicalKidnap.com, such is the power of doctors to remove children from their homes, that a new Pediatric sub-specialty was developed in 2009 called “Child Abuse Specialist.” The sole purpose of these doctors is to remove children from their homes, and their job depends on it. See:

These specialists often recommend children be removed from homes based on x-rays, and never even talk to the parents, the child, or the family pediatrician who regularly sees the family. If the injury is severe enough, criminal charges will be filed against the parents, and convictions typically have been based almost solely on the testimony of these Child Abuse Specialists.

Judges around the country, however, are waking up to the fact that there is contradictory evidence in all of these cases, and if that evidence is not present in the conviction of a parent or care-giver, in most cases the conviction will be overturned. And most of the time, the district attorney will not even bother to pursue starting a new case.

Krystal Voss’s “Shaken Baby” Conviction Finally Tossed

by Alan Prendergast

Westworld

Excerpts:

An Alamosa judge has ordered a new trial in the case of Krystal Voss, who was convicted in 2004 of child abuse in the death of her nineteen-month-old son and sentenced to twenty years in prison. The reversal is another setback for advocates of “shaken baby syndrome,” a diagnosis that’s been used in court to prosecute hundreds of caregivers for abuse over the past three decades but has been attacked by skeptics as junk science.

In a 139-page opinion dated August 7, Alamosa District Court Judge Pattie Swift ruled that Voss’s conviction should be thrown out because her attorneys at trial failed to summon any medical experts to challenge the prosecution’s claim that Kyran Gaston-Voss’s death was the result of a violent shaking. The decision comes after new testimony by nationally recognized pediatric specialists that the toddler’s injuries, including a devastating brain injury, could have been caused by an accidental fall.

On January 31, 2003, Voss showed up in an Alamosa hospital emergency room with Kyran, who was limp and unresponsive. She explained that earlier that afternoon she’d left Kyran in the care of a friend visiting from Denver, Patrick Ramirez, while she went to work at a local health-food store. About an hour after arriving at work, she’d gotten a phone call from Ramirez, telling her to come home because something was wrong with Kyran.

Ramirez told her he’d been playing outside with the boy on his shoulders. He’d stumbled. Kyran fell, and the boy might have hit his head on the ground. Ramirez fell on top of him. Kyran started hollering, then seemed dizzy and unable to stand.

The emergency-room doctor noted bruises on the child’s abdomen and signs of an acute subdural hematoma — a bleeding inside the skull. Kyran was soon flown to the intensive-care unit at Children’s Hospital in Denver, while the investigation into how he suffered such a severe head injury lurched into overdrive. After being assured by the child-abuse team at Children’s that the head trauma was more likely a case of shaking than a fall, one police investigator accused Ramirez of making up his story in order to protect Voss, with whom he’d had a sexual relationship; the investigator also obtained a “confession” from a sleep-deprived Voss that she might have briefly shaken Kyran in frustration the night before she left him with Ramirez.

At trial, the prosecution’s medical expert asserted that the fatal injuries were consistent with a violent shaking. The jury took only six hours to deliver its verdict: guilty of knowing and reckless child abuse resulting in death.

Yet the basic premises behind shaken-baby prosecutions — for example, that baby-shaking produces a unique constellation of symptoms, distinct from a short fall — have been under attack for some time, and were even back when Voss went to trial. Dr. Robert Bux, the coroner who conducted the autopsy on Kyran, told Westword in 2003 that he didn’t believe in shaken-baby syndrome and found it “difficult to swallow the concept.” Yet the defense never called him as a witness to refute the prosecution’s medical expert.

Voss, [has] already served thirteen years of her now-vacated twenty-year sentence.

Read the full article at Westword.com

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com.

Medical Kidnapping: A Threat to Every Family in America T-Shirt

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton!

Order here!

Medical Kidnapping is REAL!

See: Medical Kidnapping: A Threat to Every Family in America Today

Help spread the awareness of Medical Kidnapping by wearing the Medical Kidnapping t-shirt!

Support the cause of MedicalKidnap.com, which is part of the Health Impact News network.

Order here!

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here!

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here!

Also available as eBook:

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17404,"Health Impact News

Bioinformatics analysis links type 1 diabetes to vaccines contaminated with animal proteins and autoreactive T cells express skin homing receptors consistent with injected vaccines as causal agent

by Vinu Arumugham [1]

Research Gate [1]

Background

Autoimmunity against glutamate decarboxylase (GAD) has been associated with type 1 diabetes. GAD65 (65kDa) and GAD67 (67kDa, to a lesser extent) are involved in type 1 diabetes.

Following an anecdotal report of type 1 diabetes diagnosis a few weeks after measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine administration, MMR vaccine contents were examined. Major proteins in the vaccine apart from the measles, mumps and rubella live viruses were chicken embryo cell culture proteins.

GAD65 and GAD67 are expressed during chicken embryogenesis.

Method

GAD65 Gallus gallus (chicken) protein sequence was obtained from Uniprot.

BLASTP was used to determine homology to human GAD65.

Results

GAD65 protein comparison between human and chicken reveals 95% sequence homology as shown below.

Discussion

The results above provide strong evidence that chicken embryo cell culture proteins in the MMR vaccine can cause the development of antibodies against chicken GAD65 which cross-react with human GAD65 protein to cause type 1 diabetes.

This is very similar to the Pandemrix vaccine causing narcolepsy.

Action

Vaccine design and safety processes have fundamental problems that need to be immediately addressed to avoid such devastating consequences.

Read the full study here [1].

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com. [2]

Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt

[3]

100% Pre-shrunk Cotton

Order here! [3]

Make a Statement for Health Freedom!

Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.

Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact [4], part of the Health Impact News network [5].

Order here! [3]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Read: Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced? on your mobile device! $$0.99 [8]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33068,"Microcephaly is 40 times more common in the U.S. than it is in Brazil

by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Do you remember Ebola Zaire? No, it’s not the name of a former African political leader or a five star island resort off the coast of Africa. It was the name of a viral menace that World Health Organization (WHO) officials warned us in the late summer of 2014 might just decimate the world population. We were told that thousands were dying in Africa, and there was no way to prevent it from spreading worldwide in a matter of months.

See my October 2014 article, which debunked the threat of Ebola.

Now it’s Zika that We are to Fear

So here we are 18 months later, facing another menace – Zika virus! Ground zero for the Zika virus is Brazil and two dozen other countries, mostly in South America. It is threatening, so some say, to spread through the entire world.

This time, we are not being told that the virus will kill millions. Instead, an equally great terror is being portrayed – babies born with deformed heads. We are told that Zika may be causing babies to be born with a serious birth defect called microcephaly.

According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and the World Health Organization, there has been a sudden increase in the number of babies born in Brazil who have abnormally small heads and brains. The earliest reports said that over 4,000 babies were born with this birth defect. Microcephaly usually results in mental retardation and in extreme cases death. Other problems seen in children with microcephaly are: seizures; developmental delays such as problems with speech or other developmental milestones (like sitting, standing, and walking); intellectual disabilities seen in decreased ability to learn and function in daily life; problems with movement and balance; feeding problems such as difficulty swallowing; hearing loss; and vision problems. [1]

Let’s take a look at the facts about Zika and microcephaly to see if there is a relationship or if something else is going on here.

The Virus is Real

First, there is no doubt that the Zika virus exists. It was patented by the Rockefeller Foundation — Zika virus ATCC® VR-84™. The source of the virus was blood from an experimental forest sentinel rhesus monkey, Uganda, 1947. [2]

Some People Become Sick from Zika

There is also no doubt that people do get sick from Zika. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) describes the symptoms. They state:

About 1 in 5 people infected with Zika virus become ill (i.e., develop Zika).

The most common symptoms of Zika are fever, rash, joint pain, or conjunctivitis (red eyes). Other common symptoms include muscle pain and headache. The incubation period (the time from exposure to symptoms) for Zika virus disease is not known, but is likely to be a few days to a week.

The illness is usually mild with symptoms lasting for several days to a week.

People usually don’t get sick enough to go to the hospital, and they very rarely die of Zika.

Zika virus usually remains in the blood of an infected person for about a week but it can be found longer in some people. [3]

Treatment for Zika

The CDC goes on to tell us that there is no vaccine to prevent Zika infection and there is no specific treatment for the infection. They advise infected people to rest, drink plenty of fluids, and if necessary take acetaminophen (Tylenol®) to relieve fever and pain, and don’t take aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs. [4]

Thus, Zika infection is a mild illness, which people normally survive without a problem.

Then What about Zika and Babies being Born with Small Heads?

[2]

This is where the confusion and deception begins. Since January 28, 2016, the mainstream media has put forth a tremendous smoke screen of information designed to induce fear.

Zika is going to get you! Zika is going to get your babies! Zika is going to infect millions of people! There is no treatment or vaccine to save you or your babies from Zika! Zika is coming to the United States! Zika is already here and you better watch out — you can even get it from having unprotected sex!

The stories drone on and on – almost like the unfolding of a plot in a grade B movie.

Out of one side of the mouth of the CDC and major media sources comes the strong warning that pregnant women should not travel to any of the 24 countries that are known to have a problem with Zika, because they might become infected and the infection might spread to their babies, which could cause microcephaly. Furthermore, women who might become pregnant or who don’t know they are pregnant should avoid traveling to those countries as well. Out of the other side of their mouths comes a rather bland statement that the link between Zika and birth defects has not been proven. [5]

Despite the fact that no one has proven that Zika causes birth defects, officials in countries like Brazil are recommending that women don’t get pregnant. Officials in El Salvador are recommending a 2 year pregnancy moratorium. The Brazilian government is also providing pregnant women with repellant to spray on themselves to prevent being bitten by mosquitos that carry Zika. [7]

What is the Truth about Zika? Microcephaly and Zika Association Not Proven

Jon Rappoport, (medical investigative reporter and author), was provided with an English translation of an article published in a major Sao Paulo newspaper, O Estado de São Paulo. The article published on February 2, 2016, titled “País tem 404 casos confirmados de microcefalia” made several important points, which will be considered here. I am deeply appreciative for the detailed work of Jon Rappoport and his group of colleagues [8] who have been investigating Zika over the past two weeks. The article stated:

* As of January 30, 2016, 4,783 suspected cases of microcephaly were reported in Brazil. * Of those, 3,670 suspected cases of microcephaly, covering the entire country of Brazil, are being investigated. * Of those 3,670, 404 cases have been confirmed as microcephaly or “other alterations in the central nervous system” of babies. * Of those 404 cases, 17 “had a relationship with Zika virus.” * 98% of the 404 microcephaly cases come from the Northeast area of Brazil, and in that area, Pernambuco has the highest number of cases: 56. [9, 10]

The number 4,783 appears to be a total of microcephaly cases for 2015 plus the first month of 2016. It is unclear how officials in Brazil determined that 4,783 babies were born with microcephaly, but it was obviously an error or exaggerated number. After they reviewed the cases, they only were able to confirm 404 cases of microcephaly. That is a long way from 4,783!

The other important fact in the article is that only 17 of the 404 babies with microcephaly showed any evidence of having the Zika virus. This clearly does not show causation. It doesn’t even show an association. Of course, we do not have detailed reports on the methods used by medical officials to measure the presence of the virus. We also don’t know whether the virus would normally be detectable many weeks after the active infection has passed.

The CDC issued a Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report on January 22, 2016 to tell us what is going on with Zika in Brazil. At that time, they reported 4 babies born with microcephaly had Zika virus in their cerebral fluid. The results of the comprehensive tests that were done on a group of 35 babies born with microcephaly were unavailable at that time. [11]

The Rate of Microcephaly in Brazil is NOT Unusually High: Microcephaly is 40 Times More Common in the U.S. than it is in Brazil

It is interesting to note that the number of cases of microcephaly in Brazil in 2014 was 148 as compared to the 404 confirmed cases for the 13 month period beginning on January 1, 2015 through January 31, 2016. Of course this is an increase, but hardly an epidemic.

For comparison, let’s compare the rate of microcephaly in Brazil with the rate in the United States. Here are some numbers.

Brazil Total Population 2015: 207,847,528 [12]

Brazil Crude Birth Rate 2015: 15 babies per 1,000 people [13]

Brazil Number of Babies Born with Microcephaly 2015 (confirmed cases): 404

USA Total Population 2015: 321,773,631 [14]

USA Crude Birth Rate 2015: 13 babies per 1,000 people [15]

USA Number of Babies born with Microcephaly 2009: 25,000 [16]

I was rather shocked to learn that the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society found that the number of babies born in the United States with microcephaly was consistently 25,000 per year as of 2009. [17]

If we do a little math, we find that the population of Brazil is about 2/3 of the U.S. population (208 million compared to 322 million in the U.S.). The birth rate is slightly higher in Brazil (15 births per 1,000 compared to 13 per 1,000 in the U.S.). But the difference in the number of babies born with microcephaly is staggering!

If we adjust the total population of the United States down to the level of Brazil, then we can better compare the number of babies born with microcephaly. After adjustment, we see that Brazil has 404 babies born with microcephaly and the United States has 16,150. In other words, the number of babies born in the United States each year with microcephaly is 40 times higher than in Brazil. No, I didn’t make a math error — it is not 4 times higher, but 40 times higher.

The U.S. Centers for Disease Control provides different numbers for cases of microcephaly in the United States. State birth defects tracking systems, which provide data to the CDC, have estimated that microcephaly ranges from 2 babies per 10,000 live births to about 12 babies per 10,000 live births. There were 3,932,181 births in 2013, and cases of microcephaly ranged from 786 to 4,819. [18]

This is quite a range! The scientists who provided us with the 25,000 figure for babies born in the U.S. with microcephaly per year, indicated that there can be a wide range of measures used to determine whether a baby has microcephaly. Since there is such a large range for microcephaly, I must wonder whether the condition is being accurately counted by the 50 U.S. states. As stated earlier, microcephaly is commonly found with a variety of other birth defects, and we don’t know whether babies with unusually small heads are always classified as having microcephaly or classified as having a related birth defect.

Zika isn’t the Cause of Microcephaly in the U.S.

Regardless of whether you count 786, 4,819, or 25,000 babies born with microcephaly per year, one thing is very clear – these cases of microcephaly in the United States are not being caused by Zika. In the United States, Zika is extremely rare. If Zika is not causing microcephaly in the U.S., then there must be other factors that are causing it. I believe these other factors are also the prime candidates for causing Zika in Brazil.

Officials in Colombia, South America report 25,645 cases of Zika. They indicate that 3,177 pregnant women have been infected, but there are so far no recorded cases of microcephaly. [19, 20] Why is Colombia different than Brazil?

Jorge Lopez-Camelo and Leda Maria Orioli, from the Latin American Collaborative Study of Congenital Malformations (ECLAMC), say that the surge in cases of microcephaly might largely be attributed to the intense search for cases of the birth defect. Misdiagnoses may result from the heightened awareness of the possible link of microcephaly with Zika. [21]

A report from the ECLAMC stated:

In summary, when we ask ourselves if there is a microcephaly epidemic in Brazil, or if there is a causal relationship between maternal infection with the [Zika virus] and children born with microcephaly, we face problems in all epidemiological steps to clarify the rumor. [22]

Based on the fact that the Zika virus was only found in 17 cases of microcephaly in Brazil, and microcephaly has not yet appeared in Colombia’s newborns, and Zika did not cause the 25,000 cases of microcephaly in the United States; it is clear that Zika is a very unlikely cause of microcephaly. There must be other causes, which need to be explored both in Brazil and in the United States.

Regardless of the other causes, or combinations of causes, political leaders are ignoring them and getting on the Zika-microcephaly bandstand and asking all of us to dance to the tune they are playing.

Political Leaders Agree — “Zika must be Stopped!”

A headline in the New York Times on February 9, 2016 stated, “Obama Asks Congress for $$1.8 Billion to Combat Zika Virus.” [23] This headline says it all, Zika is the enemy of humankind, and the United States must act now to fight it.

In response to Zika, the CDC has gone to the highest level of alert. The CDC stated:

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Monday that the agency’s command center is going to its highest level of alert, a measure reflecting growing concern about the prospect of Zika virus gaining a foothold in the mainland U.S. [24]

WIVB TV reported U.S. Senator Chuck Schumer’s plan to mobilize the United States and the world to fight Zika. The senator for the State of New York would require the U.S. government to Increase its involvement in Zika infected countries, to get the CDC to develop a Zika vaccine, and get the World Health Organization to publically declare a health emergency. [25]

On February 1, 2016 Senator Schumer stated:

A stick in time saves 9. We all remember when people reacted too late to Ebola. There was a lot of fear, but they caught up with it finally and it didn’t spread, but we don’t even want to have to go through that with Zika. We want to stop it before it gets here. [26]

The WIVB TV news reporter that prepared this story introduced it by saying in part: “When pregnant women catch the virus it can lead to terrible birth defects.” [27]

So, for politicians and the mainstream media, its full speed ahead to destroy the threat of Zika. They are convinced that Zika causes microcephaly, and we have got to kill this threat before it comes to America and affects our babies. Zika has become a political issue, which has nothing to do with the reality of the Zika virus, its transmission, or its extremely weak or non-existent association with microcephaly.

Causes of Microcephaly

Since it is clear that Zika has been known for over 70 years and there have been no links between it and microcephaly until 2015, we must look into other possible factors which could be causing the cases of microcephaly in Brazil, and the even higher rate of microcephaly in the United States. As I mentioned earlier, microcephaly is 40 times more common in the U.S. than it is in Brazil. U.S. public health officials and politicians don’t want to look at this fact – they would rather focus our attention on Zika and microcephaly in other countries.

Scientists from the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society tell us that microcephaly may result from any insult that disturbs early brain growth. It can be seen in association with hundreds of genetic syndromes. [28]

In addition, the U.S. CDC states:

The causes of microcephaly in most babies are unknown. Some babies have microcephaly because of changes in their genes. Other causes of microcephaly can include the following exposures during pregnancy:

Certain infections, such as rubella, toxoplasmosis, or cytomegalovirus

Severe malnutrition, meaning a lack of nutrients or not getting enough food

Exposure to harmful substances, such as alcohol, certain drugs, or toxic chemicals [29]

From this information we see that, insults that disturb early brain growth of a baby in the womb are quite varied. Microcephaly could be linked to factors such as: poor nutrition, illness from poor sanitation, illnesses from unclean drinking water, chemical and pesticide exposure from agriculture, mosquito eradication spraying programs, vaccinations received by pregnant women, pharmaceutical drug side effects, recreational drug use, physical/emotional injury coming from domestic violence and other trauma, genetically modified food, swarms of genetically modified mosquitos that were released to control dengue fever, and overall immune system weakness. However, when multiple factors from this list are combined, the risks of birth defects rise even higher.

What if the proponents of the Zika/microcephaly hypothesis want to cover up some or all of the harmful effects of the other potential causes of microcephaly and blame everything on Zika to protect special interest groups and corporations? This is not a far-fetched idea! These are some of the special interest groups that have something to hide.

Use of Glyphosate, Atrazine, and Other Pesticides in Brazil

What if agribusinesses want to cover up the harmful effects on human health and reproduction that comes from their widespread use of glyphosate, atrazine, and other pesticides in Brazil?

Research has shown that frogs and chicken embryos exposed to low doses of glyphosate experienced microcephaly and stunted brain development. [30]

Reports of neural defects and craniofacial malformations from regions where glyphosate-based herbicides are used led scientists to undertake an embryological approach to explore the effects of low dose pesticide exposure. Researchers found that human prenatal exposure to atrazine and metolachlor were associated with smaller than normal head size. [31]

The government of Brazil has been adding the larvicide Pyriproxyfen directly into the drinking water supply for northeastern Brazil for the past 18 months. Pyriproxyfen is a hormone disrupter. It causes mosquito larvae to become deformed and prevents their maturation. This larvicide has been recommended by WHO, and is manufactured by Sumimoto Chemical, a Japanese subsidiary of Monsanto. Brazilian doctors from Abrasco (Brazilian Association of Graduate Studies in Collective Health) are claiming that this spraying is contaminating the environment as well as people, that it is not decreasing the amount of mosquitoes, and that this strategy is in fact a commercial maneuver from the chemical poisons industry, which is deeply integrated into Latin American ministries of health as well as WHO and PAHO. [41]

Chemical Manufacturing in Brazil

What if multinational pesticide manufacturers such as the Brazilian units of BASF, DuPont, Monsanto, Nufarm, Syngenta, Adama, FMC and Nortox are trying to cover up the damage their manufacturing operations are doing to the Brazilian population?

Brazil is one of the world’s biggest agricultural producers and its biggest buyer of pesticides. Regulators, public health officials and consumers increasingly complain that Brazil’s position as an agricultural powerhouse has led to unsafe and excessive use of pesticides. Reuters reported in April of 2015 that at least four foreign manufacturers sell pesticides in Brazil that they are not allowed to sell in their home markets. [32]

Vaccines Given to Pregnant Women in Brazil

What if vaccine manufacturers and public health officials are trying to divert attention from the harmful effects of the Tdap vaccine that was given to all pregnant women in Brazil beginning in 2014 even though these vaccines were never evaluated as being safe for pregnant women or their babies?

In 2014, officials in Brazil decided that the Tdap vaccine was to be given to all pregnant women between the 27th week and 36th week of pregnancy. It could also be administered up to 20 days prior to the expected date of birth. The Tdap produced by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) was to be used. This vaccine is marketed under the names Refortrix® or Boostrix®. According to GSK, neither the safety nor effectiveness of Boostrix has been established in pregnant women. [33] We don’t know what the effects of ingredients such as attenuated viruses, aluminum hydroxide, aluminum phosphate, formaldehyde residues, Polysorbate 80 and glycine will have on babies in the womb, because this has not been studied.

Genetically Modified Mosquitoes Released in Brazil

What if Oxitec, the manufacturer of genetically modified mosquitoes, and Bill Gates, who provided Oxitec with grants for GE mosquito development, want to avoid anyone realizing that it was their release of genetically modified Aedes aegypti mosquitos in Brazil that caused the microcephaly?

The genetically modified mosquitoes were developed and released to reduce the population of local mosquitoes that carry the virus that causes dengue fever. (This mosquito also carries the Yellow Fever virus and the Zika virus.) Is it coincidence that the area where the mosquitoes were released in July of 2015 is also the area where the largest number of microcephaly cases was reported in the last quarter of that same year?

The protocol is to release male GMO mosquitoes into the wild so that they will mate with native female Aedes aegypti mosquitoes. (Scientists anticipate a very small number of GMO female mosquitoes will also be released with the males.) Once the mosquito larvae hatch, their altered genetic programming should kill them before they can mature and reproduce. However, there is one condition that must be met for this system to work, i.e., tetracycline cannot be present in the environment where the mosquito larvae are developing.

The problem is Brazil is the third largest agricultural user of tetracycline in the world. 75% of tetracycline is excreted from animals raised for meat. It persists in the environment for a long time. This means that tetracycline is likely to be in the environment where the GMO mosquitoes breed, and might disable the process that should kill them.

GMO mosquito developers anticipate a 15% survival rate under these conditions. The result is that both male and female GMO mosquitoes will survive and be available to reproduce with one another and with wild mosquitoes. [34]

I will add that no one knows what will happen to the DNA of wild mosquitoes when it is mixed with the DNA of GMO mosquitoes, and no one knows what will happen to humans when bitten by the offspring of these mosquitoes.

Spraying Pesticides to Kill or Repel Mosquitoes in Brazil

What if the Brazilian armed forces and public health officials don’t want people to know that previous mosquito spraying efforts and the current door-to-door campaign to spray pesticides to kill mosquitoes could have caused birth defects? What if public health officials and physicians in Brazil don’t want people to know that the mosquito repellant they gave to pregnant women to spray on themselves could have caused birth defects?

It has been reported that nearly 220,000 members of Brazil’s armed forces were going door-to-door to help in mosquito eradication efforts. It has also been reported that the Brazilian government was distributing mosquito repellent to some 400,000 pregnant women who receive cash-transfer benefits. [35] It is quite possible that these chemical pesticides could also cause birth defects. [36]

Poverty and Poor Diet for Women in Brazil

What if those who profit off the large numbers of people living in poverty in Brazil don’t want people to know that a carbohydrate based diet composed of GMO food products, poor sanitation, and extreme economic oppression makes it very difficult for women to give birth to strong and healthy babies?

The Boston Globe reported the potential association of Zika and microcephaly with poverty. They stated:

Both Brazil’s Zika outbreak and the spike in microcephaly have been concentrated in the poor and underdeveloped northeast of the country, though the prosperous southeast, where Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro are located, are the second hardest-hit region. Rio de Janeiro will host the Aug. 5-21 Olympic games. [37]

Even though Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro can be characterized as being “prosperous,” they both still have large numbers of people living in extreme poverty. [38] Sao Paulo has the largest slum population in South America. [39]

Dr. Mercola describes the relationship between diet and birth defects. He stated:

Women who eat a healthy diet in the year prior to pregnancy have a significantly lower risk of having a baby with birth defects. Ideally, women should focus on proper nutrition, including whole fresh foods, animal-based omega-3 fats, vitamin B12, metafolate and probiotics, before pregnancy, as well as during and beyond. Women who ate a vegetable-rich diet during the year before pregnancy had a significantly lower risk of having a baby with certain birth defects as women who ate an unhealthy high-sugar diet. [40]

Conclusion: Zika will be Used for Profit

[4]

I don’t expect the concern over Zika to fizzle like the African Ebola epidemic did in 2014. In the months and years to come, I anticipate the World Health Organization and the U.S. CDC will continue to call for the creation of a Zika vaccine. They will then try to manipulate the nations of the Earth to require a mandatory Zika vaccination program for everyone without exemption.

Officials want us to believe that Zika is a serious threat, because they say it is a serious threat. The truth about Zika has not changed – it is a very benign virus, which is very unlikely to be causing birth defects by itself.

The most likely causes of microcephaly in Brazil and in the United States are: known genetic abnormalities, vaccines, pesticide exposure, GMO food, chronically poor nutrition, physical injury, poverty, and the weakened immune systems of pregnant women. But officials don’t want us to be confused by other potential causes.

Even though the 404 actual microcephaly cases in Brazil are much less than the original estimates, there is still reason for concern. The sudden doubling or tripling of the microcephaly rate in 2015 should still be seen as a strong warning that something is seriously wrong.

I consider the release of genetically engineered mosquitoes in Brazil to be a likely source of human birth defects, because cases of microcephaly are concentrated in the regions of Brazil where the mosquitoes were released.

And let us not forget those 25,000 babies born in the United States every year with microcephaly. A Zika vaccine will not reduce that number, since Zika infection is already extremely rare in the United States. If we want to reduce U.S. cases of microcephaly, then we will need to look at the wide set of factors that are associated with it. It is not acceptable to have a rate of microcephaly that is 40 times higher than other countries.

References

[1] “Facts about Microcephaly,” Birth Defects, NCBDDD, Centers for Disease Control, Retrieved 2/10/2016. http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/birthdefects/microcephaly.html [5]

[2] “Zika Virus is property of Rockefeller Foundation,” Retrieved 2/7/2016. http://www.anonews.co/zika-virus-is-property-of-rockefeller-foundation/ [6]

[3] “Symptoms, Diagnosis, & Treatment — Zika virus,” CDC, Retrieved 2/7/2016. http://www.cdc.gov/zika/symptoms/ [7]

[4] IBID.

[5] “Why is Zika virus spreading so quickly?” Judy Woodruff talks to Dr. Anthony Fauci of the National Institutes of Health, 1/28/2016. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bHjjK-Gz3Ic [8]

[6] “As Zika virus spreads, El Salvador asks women not to get pregnant until 2018,” Joshua Partlow, The Washington Post, January 22, 2016. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/as-zika-virus-spreads-el-salvador-asks-women-not-to-get-pregnant-until-2018/2016/01/22/1dc2dadc-c11f-11e5-98c8-7fab78677d51_story.html [9]

[7] “Officials in Brazil urge women to avoid pregnancy due to Zika virus,” The Boston Globe, Jenny Barchfield Associated Press, January 26, 2016. https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/world/2016/01/26/officials-brazil-urge-women-avoid-pregnancy-due-zika-virus/Ask7wAjozV0G6SCv80uK8N/story.html [10]

[8] Jim Stone, Kathy Ford, The Fullerton Informer, Jim West, Martin Maloney, and Claus Jensen; “Zika Freakout: the hoax and the covert op continue,” Jon Rappoport’s Blog, 1/29/2016. https://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/2016/01/29/zika-freakout-the-hoax-and-the-covert-op-continue/ [11]

[9] “Zika: update from Brazil: towering non-evidence,” Jon Rappoport’s Blog, 2/4/2016. https://jonrappoport.wordpress.com/2016/02/04/zika-update-from-brazil-towering-non-evidence/ [12]

[10] “País tem 404 casos confirmados de microcefalia,” O Estado de São Paulo, February 2, 2016. http://noticias.uol.com.br/ultimas-noticias/agencia-estado/2016/02/02/pais-tem-404-casos-confirmados-de-microcefalia.htm [13]

[11] “Possible Association Between Zika Virus Infection and Microcephaly — Brazil, 2015,” MMWR, 1/22/2016, Retrieved 2/10/2016. http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/65/wr/mm6503e2.htm [14]

[12] “Brazil Population (2016),” Worldometers, Retrieved 2/7/2016. http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/brazil-population/ [15]

[13] Birth rate, crude (per 1,000 people) | Data | Table, The World Bank. http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.CBRT.IN [16]

[14] “U.S. Population (2016),” Worldometers, Retrieved 2/7/2016. http://www.worldometers.info/world-population/us-population/ [17]

[15] “Birth rate, crude (per 1,000 people),” Data, Table, The World Bank, Retrieved 2/7/2016. http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.CBRT.IN [16]

[16] Ashwal S1, Michelson D, Plawner L, Dobyns WB, plus 30 calaborators; “Practice parameter: Evaluation of the child with microcephaly (an evidence-based review): report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society,” Neurology, 9/15/2009, PMID: 19752457. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19752457 [18]

[17] IBID.

[18] “Facts about Microcephaly,” Birth Defects, NCBDDD, Centers for Disease Control, Retrieved 2/10/2016. http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/birthdefects/microcephaly.html#ref [19]

[19] “Over 3,000 pregnant women in Colombia have contracted Zika virus,” Gianluca Mezzofiore, Daily Mail Online, 2/6/2016. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3435275/More-3-000-pregnant-women-Colombia-contracted-head-shrinking-Zika-virus-officials-say.html [20]

[20] “Colombia: 3,177 Pregnant Women With Zika; No Microcephaly,” By ch/jr, associated press, ABC News, 2/6/2016. http://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/colombia-3177-pregnant-women-zika-microcephaly-36759851 [21]

[21] “Zika virus: Brazil’s surge in small-headed babies questioned by report,” Declan Butler, Nature News & Comment, 1/28/2016 corrected 2/3/2016. http://www.nature.com/news/zika-virus-brazil-s-surge-in-small-headed-babies-questioned-by-report-1.19259 [22]

[22] ECLAMC FINAL DOCUMENT, Summary and conclusions of Documents 1-5, 12/30/2015. http://www.nature.com/polopoly_fs/7.33594!/file/NS-724-2015_ECLAMC-ZIKA%20VIRUS_V-FINAL_012516.pdf [23]

[23] “Obama Asks Congress for $$1.8 Billion to Combat Zika Virus,” MARK LANDLER, The New York Times, 2/8/2016. http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/09/us/politics/obama-congress-funding-combat-zika-virus.html?&moduleDetail=section-news-4&action=click&contentCollection=U.S.®ion=Footer&module=MoreInSection&version=WhatsNext&contentID=WhatsNext&pgtype=article [24]

[24] “CDC Goes to Highest Alert Over Zika Outbreak,” Steve Sternberg, US News, 2/8/2016. http://www.usnews.com/news/articles/2016-02-08/cdc-goes-to-highest-alert-over-zika-outbreak [25]

[25] Sen. Schumer announces plan to fight Zika Virus,” WIVBTV, 2/1/2016. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9IjT67Ve1Q [26]

[26] IBID.

[27] IBID.

[28] Ashwal S1, Michelson D, Plawner L, Dobyns WB, plus 30 collaborators; “Practice parameter: Evaluation of the child with microcephaly (an evidence-based review): report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society,” Neurology, 9/15/2009, PMID: 19752457. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19752457 [18]

[29] “Facts about Microcephaly,” Birth Defects, NCBDDD, Centers for Disease Control, Retrieved 2/10/2016. http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/birthdefects/microcephaly.html#ref [19]

[30] Paganelli A1, Gnazzo V, Acosta H, López SL, Carrasco AE; “Glyphosate-based herbicides produce teratogenic effects on vertebrates by impairing retinoic acid signaling,” Chem Res Toxicol, 10/18/2010, PMID 20695457.

[31] Chevrier C1, Limon G, Monfort C, Rouget F, Garlantézec R, Petit C, Durand G, Cordier S; “Urinary biomarkers of prenatal atrazine exposure and adverse birth outcomes in the PELAGIE birth cohort,” Environ Health Perspect, July 2011, PMID: 21367690.

[32] “Brazil prosecutors seek $$16 million from pesticide makers,” Rio de Janeiro, Paulo Prada, Reuters, 5/18/2015. http://uk.reuters.com/article/brazil-farming-pesticides-idUKL1N0Y928120150518 [27]

[33] “Tdap Vaccinations for All Pregnant Women in Brazil Mandated in Late 2014,” by Marco Cáceres, National Vaccine Information Center, 2/1/2016. http://www.thevaccinereaction.org/2016/02/tdap-vaccinations-for-all-pregnant-women-in-brazil-mandated-in-late-2014/ [28]

[34] “Zika Outbreak Epicenter,” Claire Bernish, 1/28/2016. http://theantimedia.org/zika-outbreak-epicenter-in-same-area-where-gm-mosquitoes-were-released-in-2015/ [29]

[35] “Brazil is ‘badly losing’ the battle against Zika virus, says health minister,” World news, The Guardian, 1/26/2016. http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/26/brazil-zika-virus-health-minister-armed-forces-eradication#maincontent [30]

[36] “Pesticide-Induced Diseases: Birth/Fetal Effects,” Beyond Pesticides, Retrieved 2/10/2016. http://www.beyondpesticides.org/resources/pesticide-induced-diseases-database/birth-defects [31]

[37] “Officials in Brazil urge women to avoid pregnancy due to Zika virus,” The Boston Globe, Jenny Barchfield, Associated Press, January 26, 2016. https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/world/2016/01/26/officials-brazil-urge-women-avoid-pregnancy-due-zika-virus/Ask7wAjozV0G6SCv80uK8N/story.html [10]

[38] “Brazil Struggles with Economic Inequality,” The Rio Times, Brazil News, Sarah de Sainte Croix, Senior Contributing Reporter, February 7, 2012. http://riotimesonline.com/brazil-news/rio-business/brazil-strives-for-economic-equality/ [32]

[39] “Sao Paulo: Population and Slum Housing,” Retrieved 2/10/2016. http://www.geocases1.co.uk/printable/Housing%20in%20Sao%20Paulo.htm [33]

[40] “A Healthy Diet May Radically Reduce Risk of Birth Defects,” Dr. Joseph Mercola, Mercola.com, 10/18/2011. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2011/10/18/probiotics-may-reduce-risk-of-birth-defects.aspx [34]

[41] “Zika or Insecticide Pyriproxyfen Behind Microcephaly Cases?” The Freedom Articles, Retrieved 2/14/2016. http://freedom-articles.toolsforfreedom.com/zika-or-insecticide-pyriproxyfen-behind-microcephaly-cases/ [35]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22028,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

While there have been billions of dollars in criminal settlements with pharmaceutical companies, Jon Rappoport reports that the FDA usually gets a free ride in both the mainstream press and the legal system.

There have been FDA whistle blowers, however. Most of them lose their jobs unless they are protected by Congress, which is what happened with Dr. David Graham. Others are not so fortunate as Dr. Graham. To learn more about FDA whistle blowers, see the National Whistle Blowers Center.

Why the FDA Should be Charged with Murder

By Jon Rappoport

If you worked for a federal agency that was killing people at the rate of 100,000 a year, every year, like clockwork, and if you knew it, wouldn’t you feel compelled to say or do something about it?

At the FDA, which is, in fact, killing Americans at that rate, no one has ever felt the need to step forward and speak up.

Let’s shift the venue and ask the same question. If you were a medical reporter for a major media outlet in the US, and you knew the above fact, wouldn’t you make it a priority to say something, write something, do something?

I’m talking about people like Sanjay Gupta (CNN, CBS), Gina Kolata (NY Times), Tim Johnson (ABC News), and Thomas Maugh II (LA Times).

And with that, let’s go to the smoking guns. The citation is: BMJ June 7, 2012 (BMJ 2012:344:e3989). Author, Jeanne Lenzer. (See http://www.bmj.com/content/344/bmj.e3989)

Lenzer refers to a report by the Institute for Safe Medication Practices: “It calculated that in 2011 prescription drugs were associated with two to four million people in the US experiencing ‘serious, disabling, or fatal injuries, including 128,000 deaths.’”

The report called this “one of the most significant perils to humans resulting from human activity.”

And here is the final dagger. The report was compiled by outside researchers who went into the FDA’s own database of “serious adverse [medical-drug] events.”

Therefore, to say the FDA isn’t aware of this finding would be absurd. The FDA knows. The FDA knows and it isn’t saying anything about it, because the FDA certifies, as safe and effective, all the medical drugs that are routinely maiming and killing Americans.

Previously, I have documented that the FDA knows; because the FDA has a page on its own website that admits 100,000 people are killed every year by medical drugs, and two million more people are severely injured by the drugs. (Search engine “FDA Why Learn About Adverse Drug Reactions” or click here to be taken directly to the FDA page in question).

And for the past five years or so, I have been writing about and citing a published report by the late Dr. Barbara Starfield that indicates 106,000 people in the US are killed by medical drugs every year. Until her death in 2011, Dr. Starfield worked at the Johns Hopkins School of Public Health. Her report, “Is US health really the best in the world?”, was published in the Journal of American Medical Association on July 26, 2000.

Since the Department of Homeland Security is working its way into every nook and corner of American life, hyper-extending its mandate to protect all of us from everything, why shouldn’t I go along with Janet Napolitano’s advice: see something, say something.

This is what I see and this is what I’m saying. Maybe DHS would like to investigate the FDA as a terrorist organization.

How many smoking guns do we need before a sitting president shuts down the FDA buildings, fumigates the place, and prosecutes very large numbers of FDA employees?

Do we need 100,000 smoking guns every year? Do we need relatives of the people who’ve all died in the span of merely a year, from the poisonous effects of FDA-approved medical drugs, to bring their corpses to the doors of FDA headquarters?

And let me ask another question. If instead of drugs like warfarin, dabigatran, levofloxacin, carboplatin, and lisinopril (the five leading killers in the FDA database), the 100,000 deaths per year were led by gingko, ginseng, vitamin D, niacin, and raw milk, what do you think would happen?

I’ll tell you what would happen. SEALS, Delta Force, SWAT teams, snipers, predator drones, tanks, and infantry would be attacking every health-food store in America. The resulting fatalities would be written off as necessary collateral damage in the fight to keep America safe and healthy.

All those phony stories in the press, reported dutifully by so-called medical reporters? The stories about maybe-could-be-possible-miracle breakthroughs just over the horizon of state-of-the-art medical research? Those stories are there to obscure the very, very hard facts of medically-caused death on the ground.

The buck stops at the FDA.

Except in the real world, it doesn’t. Which tells you something about the so-called real world and how much of it is composed of propaganda.

Here is the situation. No medical drug in the US can be released for public use unless and until the FDA says it is safe and effective. That’s the rule. The FDA is spitting out drug approvals month after month and year after year, and the drugs are routinely killing 100,000 people a year and maiming two million more, which adds up to a million deaths per decade and 20 million maimings per decade. The FDA and the federal government are doing nothing about it, even though they know what’s going on. This is mass murder. Not accidental death. Murder. A holocaust.

Read the Full Article here.

Reprinted with Permission from Author

Free Shipping Available for this book!

Learn More



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
28163,"It was a day that they were terrified would never come. The Herrmann family has escaped from Canada and has been reunited in Germany! Teenager Marc Herrmann was slated to stay within the system for the rest of his life after he was taken from his family in late 2013 over allegations of medical neglect. He was misdiagnosed several times, institutionalized, then placed in foster care, despite the urgent pleas of Marc and his family. After he was falsely labeled as ""retarded,"" a hearing was scheduled on his 18th birthday to turn him over to the custody of the Canadian Office of Public Guardians. A man whom the family had never met was reportedly waiting in the wings to assume guardianship. Because his parents are German citizens, they were told that there was no way that they could be guardians over their own son. Marc says that he was told repeatedly that if he did not comply with numerous threats, he would never see his family again. Today, after public outcry and intervention from the German Embassy, the Herrmann family is together again, and safely out of reach of the system that the Herrmanns insist is rife with corruption. They are in Germany. With the help of the German Embassy, they have escaped.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32847,"Those unlucky enough to come down with a foodborne illness are usually prescribed antibiotics, which may wreak further havoc on their digestive and immune system, especially if not offset with probiotics. An alternative is raw garlic. According to research published in the Journal of Antimicrobial Chemotherapy, a compound in garlic, diallyl sulfide, fights foodborne illnesses 100 times better than antibiotics.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32943,"If you suffer from frequent heartburn, chances are you've been prescribed a proton pump inhibitor (PPIs) such as Prilosec, Prevacid or Nexium to inhibit acid production. This, despite the fact they were never intended to treat heartburn in the first place. PPI drugs were originally designed to treat a very limited range of severe problems, including bleeding ulcers, Zollinger-Ellison syndrome (a rare condition in which tumors in the pancreas cause your stomach to produce excess acid) and severe acid reflux concomitant with esophageal damage. But that hasn't stopped them from becoming the go-to solution for everyday indigestion. Research clearly shows PPIs are outrageously overprescribed and misused, and do far more harm than good. There are many alternative treatment strategies that can help ease this painful problem without the serious side effects associated with PPIs, which include kidney disease, pneumonia, osteoporosis, hip fractures, dementia and an increased risk for heart disease, heart attacks and premature death. The long-term answer to heartburn and acid indigestion is to restore your natural gastric balance and function. The most important step is to eat real food, as processed foods and sugars are a surefire way to exacerbate acid reflux. Reseeding your gut with beneficial bacteria, either from traditionally fermented foods or a high-quality probiotic supplement, is also important. Aside from that, there are a number of natural substances that can help address the root of the problem.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32527,"by Beyond Pesticides

(Beyond Pesticides, February 23, 2011) In response to a request by beekeepers and environmentalists to remove a pesticide linked to Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD), the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in a letter, defended the pesticide clothianidin and the scientific study in question which was identified by beekeepers as a critically flawed study. EPA states that it does not intend to suspend or cancel clothianidin, even though independent studies have linked this chemical and others in its class to bee decline.

Beyond Pesticides, as a part of a group of environmentalists and beekeepers, broke the news last December that a core study underpinning the registration of the insecticide clothianidin was unsound, citing leaked EPA memos which discloses the critically flawed scientific study and its reclassification as a “core” study on which clothianidin’s conditional registration was contingent on, to a “supplemental” study. Bayer CropSceicne, manufacturer of clothianidin designed and submitted to study to EPA as part of clothianidin’s registration requirement. Beekeepers claim that the initial field study guidelines, which the Bayer study failed to satisfy, were insufficiently rigorous to test whether or not clothianidin contributes to CCD in a real-world scenario: the field test evaluated the wrong crop, over an insufficient time period and with inadequate controls. In a letter dated December 8, 2010, Beyond Pesticides, beekeepers and other groups called for an immediate stop-use order on the pesticide while the science is redone, and redesigned in partnership with practicing beekeepers.

EPA rejects these concerns and stands-by its continued registration of clothianidin. According to the letter, the agency asserts “we are not aware of any data that reasonably demonstrates that bee colonies are subject to elevated losses due to chronic exposure to this pesticide.” Although deficiencies in the study were known by the agency, the study “does not change the agency’s conclusion..”

According to beekeeper Jeff Anderson, who has testified before EPA on the topic, “The Bayer study is fatally flawed. It was an open field study with control and test plots of about 2 acres each. Bees typically forage at least 2 miles out from the hive, so it is likely they didn’t ingest much of the treated crops. And corn, not canola, is the major pollen-producing crop that bees rely on for winter nutrition. This is a critical point because we see hive losses mainly after over-wintering, so there is something going on in these winter cycles. It’s as if they designed the study to avoid seeing clothianidin’s effects on hive health.”

Clothianidin is of the neonicotinoid family of systemic pesticides, which are taken up by a plant’s vascular system and expressed through pollen, nectar and gutation droplets from which bees then forage and drink. Scientists are concerned about the mix and cumulative effects of the multiple pesticides bees are exposed to in these ways. Neonicotinoids are of particular concern because they have cumulative, sublethal effects on insect pollinators that correspond to CCD symptoms – namely, neurobehavioral and immune system disruptions. Clothianidin has been on the market since 2003. With a soil half-life of up to 19 years in heavy soils, and over a year in the lightest of soils, commercial beekeepers are concerned that clothianidin will have long lasting impacts on their hives.

According to James Frazier, PhD., professor of entomology at Penn State’s College of Agricultural Sciences, who is scheduled to speak at the 29th National Pesticide Forum, Sustainable Community: Practical solutions for health and the environment, April 8-9 at the Colorado School of Public Health in Denver (Aurora), Colorado, “Among the neonicotinoids, clothianidin is among those most toxic for honey bees; and this combined with its systemic movement in plants has produced a troubling mix of scientific results pointing to its potential risk for honey bees through current agricultural practices. Our own research indicates that systemic pesticides occur in pollen and nectar in much greater quantities than has been previously thought, and that interactions among pesticides occurs often and should be of wide concern.” Dr. Frazier said that the most prudent course of action would be to take the pesticide off the market while the flawed study is being redone.

Research by the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Bee Research Laboratory and Penn State University shows that the neonicotinoid insecticide imidacloprid -a cousin to clothianidin, contribute, at extremely low levels– to bee deaths and possibly colony collapse disorder (CCD), the widespread disappearance of honey bees that has killed off more than a third of commercial honey bees in the U.S. This is the first study to show that neonicotinoids impact the survival of bees at levels below the level of detection, meaning that field studies would not have considered the role of the pesticide, because they would not have detected it.

Clothianidin is Bayer’s successor product to imidacloprid, which recently went off patent. Both are known to be toxic to insect pollinators, and are lead suspects as causal factors in CCD. Together, the two products accounted for over a billion dollars in sales for Bayer Crop Science in 2009. Imidacloprid is the company’s best-selling product and among the most widely used insecticides in the U.S.

Additional Information:

Clothianidin & CCD Fact Sheet

Beyond Pesticides Pollinators Program Page

Source: EPA

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.beyondpesticides.org/dailynewsblog/?p=4981",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
22012,"Health Impact News Editor Comments:

Beau Berman of FoxCT, the reporter who first broke the story of Justina Pelletier being held in a psychiatric ward at Boston Children’s hospital against her will and against the will of her family, sat down and interviewed Justina today in her own home. Berman reports [1]:

For the first time, the world is hearing Justina’s take on the custody battle that all began because of differing opinions about her medical condition.

But now, she’s at home in her parents’ custody without any strings attached and she’s literally “home free”.

Judge Joseph Johnston, the same judge who took Justina’s custody away from her parents in February 2013, released her this week after much scrutiny and criticism from national media sources.

The Massachusetts DCF was used by Boston Children’s Hospital to seize custody of Justina when she was 15 years old, due to a disagreement over treatment. Justina was being treated for mitochondrial disease, but new doctors were reportedly assigned to her case when she was admitted to Boston Children’s Hospital (BCH) and they said her diagnosis from Tufts Medical Center in Connecticut was incorrect, and that she was instead suffering from a psychiatric disorder. The parents disagreed and wanted to take her back to her original medical team, but the hospital took custody and locked her up in the psychiatric ward instead. Prior to Justina being admitted to BCH, she was leading a normal life and had even competed in an ice skating event. But under the care of Boston Children’s Hospital, separated from her family, her situation deteriorated quickly. Today, she is paralyzed from the waist down and will need significant rehabilitation.

More on Justina Pelletier [2].

[3]

by Attorney Jonathan Emord Free Shipping Available! [4]

[5]

by Dr. Robert Mendelsohn, MD [5]Free Shipping Available! [5]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33056,"Soup and stews have been a traditional food for many societies, and for good reason. Not only does that pot stretch precious ingredients, it also makes use of one of the most nutritious, healing foods available – bone broth. Bone broth is having a resurgence in popularity in recent years. The humble simmering of meat and bones has become all the rage in some circles, with broth shops opening up next to coffee shops in large cities. This ingredient has a long list of benefits for everything from skin health to gut health to joint pain relief and more. There is a reason that Mothers and Grandmothers handed out bowls of broth and soup to their ailing loved ones in times past. They knew it was some of the most easily assimilated nourishment they could offer. But eating a cup of broth or bowl of soup at every meal - or even once per day - can be a challenge for some. Though this may be the simplest way to ingest broth, it isn’t everyone’s favorite and can lead to burnout very quickly. To avoid broth burnout and keep things interesting and delicious, here are some ideas for using broth in your daily meals.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
832,"A Practicing Physician And 10x NY Times Bestselling Author Reveals How We’ve Arrived At An Epidemic Of “Broken Brains” … And The Surprising Solutions That Can Help You Heal

Health Impact News

Starting January 17, 2018, NY Times Bestselling author Dr. Mark Hyman is offering a docuseries called “Broken Brain.”

This 8-part docuseries will you give a better and much deeper understanding of our most precious and dynamic organ – the brain.

Over 50 experts will give you their top tips for creating your best brain.

You can achieve more mental clarity, become sharper, more focused and live a more joyful, healthier life.

When it comes to brain health, many doctors and institutions are decades behind the cutting edge information.

From Dr. Hyman:

This documentary is 100% about YOU. It is about every person in my community – and in the world at large – who has tried to find answers to the most important questions they may ever face – and gotten 100,000+ responses from Google … facing overwhelm and fear, leaving them wondering where to begin. This is your starting point and probably one of the greatest resources on brain health you will ever have access to. With 1.1 BILLION lives disrupted by broken brains, you can’t afford to miss a moment. Here’s to your brain, the birthplace of all inspiration and the keeper of all of your memories.

Anxiety, Alzheimer’s, Brain Fog, Dementia, Depression, Autism, ADHD… You CAN change your brain!

Register online for free!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47250,"One very easy way to incorporate a healthy and traditional source of fat into your everyday diet is to consume cultured butter made from the milk of grass-fed pastured cows. Butter is so versatile and brings out the best of the flavors of whatever you add it to: enjoyed on grilled meats, steamed vegetables, baked seafood, homemade freshly baked bread made with freshly ground flour, various breakfast foods and even stirred into your morning coffee. With all of those uses for butter, wouldn't you like to know that there are just as many options for handcrafting flavors of butter to suit each and every occasion? In the following 4 recipes we'll show you how easy it is to get started creating your very own small batches of compound butters, both sweet and savory varieties.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24088,"by Brian Shilhavy

Editor of Health Impact News

The CBS news program “60 Minutes” has produced a story featuring Dr. Irving Kirsch’s research on placebos and antidepressant drugs. To anyone who believes that popular antidepressant drugs prescribed for depression have solid scientific evidence based on sound research, you owe it to yourself to invest 14 minutes of your time to watch this expose featuring interviews with Dr. Irving Kirsch, the associate director of the Placebo Studies Program at Harvard Medical School, Dr. Michael Thase, a professor of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine (a consultant to many of the drug companies and presenting the opposing view), Dr. Walter Brown, a clinical professor of psychiatry at Brown University’s Medical School, Dr. Tom Laughren, director of the FDA’s division of psychiatry products (defending the drugs), and Dr. Tim Kendall, a practicing psychiatrist and co-director of a commission that advises the National Health Service in Great Britain.

I have been covering this information for quite some time here at Health Impact News, particularly the work of Dr. Irving Kirsch, so none of this information was new to me. However, I was practically in shock after watching this incredible report by CBS News. What has dramatically changed in this discussion regarding whether or not antidepressant drugs are better than placebos or not, is that Dr. Kirsch has gone beyond studying the published research on this subject, and has now secured all the unpublished research done on these antidepressants through the Freedom of Information Act, and the results are even more shocking. The cat is out of the bag, to use the old cliche, and even those still defending the drugs are no longer denying the placebo effects at all, as this incredible report will show.

Watch for yourself:

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

Free Shipping Available!

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33378,"by Katie Spears

WellnessMama.com

I love using natural products for all of my personal care, cleaning and household needs, but if you’re not ready to jump on the DIY deodorant and toothpaste bandwagon just yet, at least consider using all natural products on your kids!

Most kids are exposed to a scary number of chemicals on a daily basis, and even babies are born with chemicals in their umbilical blood. Most baby products and shampoos contain chemicals and many are not actually safe for baby. For example, many baby shampoos (including J&J) have some of the worst chemical ratings and baby oil is just liquid petroleum oil with some added (artificial) fragrances.

A baby or child’s perfectly soft skin absorbs almost anything put on it, so natural options are really important! There are a few companies who make natural baby care options, but the cheapest, easiest and most natural way is just to make your own. Actually, you can just use pure coconut oil for everything from cleaning to moisturizing to treating diaper rash, but if you’d prefer a little variation, check out these recipes!

These are the recipes I use on my own kids and give to friends when they have babies.

Natural Diaper Cream-Cloth Diaper Safe!

We started cloth diapering with our third child and I will never go back! Not only is it much cheaper, but it is more natural and much easier than I expected after hearing horror stories from my mother-in-law about the old-school cloth diapers. Thanks to cloth diapers and better nutrition my babies very rarely get diaper rash, but for the occasional time when a baby poops during the night and doesn’t wake up until morning or gets a rash while in the car seat on a trip, it can be a little tougher with cloth diapers.

Commercial diaper cream should never be used with cloth diapers since the fish oil in it will leave a fishy smell no matter how much you wash the diapers. It will also void any warranty on the cloth diapers. After much research and some trial and error, I finally created a diaper cream that is cloth diaper safe and that works as well as the medicated versions.

It can be used directly with cloth diapers if you don’t mind stripping the diapers after using them, but I prefer just to line the diaper with a piece of an old t-shirt when I’m using diaper cream to avoid the extra laundry hassle.

Ingredients:

1/2 cup coconut oil

1 tablespoon calendula flowers (optional but very helpful)

1 tablespoon chamomile flowers (optional but very helpful)

1/4 cup shea butter

optional: 1 tsp arrowroot or zinc oxide powder or more to thicken if needed- these will add additional drying power for really bad rashes

How to Make Natural Diaper Cream

Heat a couple inches of water over medium high heat in a double boiler or small sauce pan. Melt the coconut oil in a glass bowl or double boiler top above the boiling water. Add the calendula and chamomile flowers and keep the heat going on low/medium for at least an hour or until coconut oil has started to turn yellow and smells of chamomile and calendula. Make sure to check the water level often and make sure it hasn’t gotten too hot or evaporated off.

Carefully strain the flowers out, reserving as much of the coconut oil as possible. A fine mesh metal strainer is best for this, or a cheesecloth will work, though you’ll lose more of the coconut oil. Make sure all visible pieces of the flower have been removed.

Using a small immersion blender or even a fork to mash, mix the infused coconut oil with the shea butter and arrowroot or zinc oxide if using until it forms a thick paste. I actually have a small food processor I use for this mixture (and not for food) and when mixed in a food processor it makes an airy, velvety cream.

Store in a small glass jar and apply as needed. Use a liner with cloth diapers. This is much more concentrated and effective than store-bought versions and a little goes a really long way! It can also be used for adult yeast infections or for healing of the perineum postpartum.

Why These Ingredients?

I chose each of these ingredients for a specific purpose. Coconut oil is very effective on its own for treating rash, as it is anti-fungal and very soothing to skin.

Calendula has antibacterial properties and speeds skin healing while Chamomile has anti-bacterial, anti-fungal, anti-inflammatory and anti-parasitic properties and is especially helpful for diaper rashes.

Shea Butter, besides making the skin incredibly soft, has anti-fungal and yeast-killing properties when raw. It is high in Vitamins A and E and helps promote collagen production in the skin. It is naturally anti-inflammatory and has an SPF of 6. It also helps prevent and get rid of stretch marks.

Vitamin Rich Baby Oil

Regular baby oil is petroleum based and packed with artificial fragrances! You can always use plain coconut oil, but making an infused oil adds some vitamins and speeds skin healing. This is my favorite:

Ingredients:

1 cup of Coconut Oil

2 tablespoons calendula flowers

2 tablespoons chamomile flowers

What to Do:

Heat a couple inches of water over medium high heat in a double boiler or small sauce pan. Melt the oil in a glass bowl or double boiler top above the boiling water. Add the calendula and chamomile flowers and keep the heat going on low/medium for at least an hour or until oil has started to turn yellow and smells of chamomile and calendula. Make sure to check the water level often and make sure it hasn’t gotten too hot or evaporated off.” and then just strain the flowers out and use as regular baby oil.

Super Smooth Baby Lotion and Lotion Bars

I’ve used my basic homemade lotion recipe on all of our kids and it is gentle enough for baby skin. Here’s the basic recipe:

Organic Homemade Lotion Basic Ingredients:

1/2 cup almond or olive oil (can infuse with herbs first if desired)

1/4 cup coconut oil

1/4 cup beeswax

Optional: 1 teaspoon Vitamin E oil

Optional: 2 tablespoons Shea Butter or Cocoa Butter

Optional: Essential Oils, Vanilla Extract or other natural extracts to suit your preference

How to Make Lotion:

1. Combine ingredients in a pint sized or larger glass jar. I have a mason jar that I keep just for making lotions and lotion bars, or you can even reuse a glass jar from pickles, olives or other foods.

2. Fill a medium saucepan with a couple inches of water and place over medium heat.

3. Put a lid on the jar loosely and place in the pan with the water.

4. As the water heats, the ingredients in the jar will start to melt. Shake or stir occasionally to incorporate. When all ingredients are completely melted, pour into whatever jar or tin you will use for storage. Small mason jars (8 ounce) are great for this. It will not pump well in a lotion pump!

5. Use as you would regular lotion. This has a longer shelf life than some homemade lotion recipes since all ingredients are already shelf stable and not water is added. Use within 6 months for best moisturizing benefits.

Note: A litte goes a long way! This lotion is incredibly nourishing and is also great for diaper rash on baby, for eczema and for preventing stretch marks!

I also recently discovered that homemade lotion bars are an even better option and are very protective on baby’s skin but still allow it to breathe. You can add chamomile or calendula to the oils if you want, but the basic lotion bars work excellent, especially on babies with sensitive skin or eczema. They are even easier to make, last longer and are fun for kids to use too. They have a natural SPF of about 7.

Here’s the recipe…

Organic Homemade Lotion Bar Ingredients:

1 part coconut oil

1 part shea butter, cocoa butter or mango butter (or a mix of all three equal to 1 part)

1 part beeswax (can add an extra ounce or two if you want a thicker consistency, which leaves less lotion on the skin when used)

optional: Vitamin E oil to preserve. I added 1 tsp vitamin E oil for this recipe made with 1 cup of each ingredient)

This recipe can be adjusted to make any quantity that you’d like. I made with 1 part=1cup so I used 1 cup of coconut oil, 1 cup beeswax and 1/3 cup each of shea butter, cocoa butter and mango butter (though I could have used 1 cup of any of the individual ones). I also added about 50 drops of lavender essential oil. I set them in silicon baking cups though any mold or shape would work. The recipe I used made exactly 12 lotion bars.

How to Make:

Combine all ingredients in a quart size glass mason jar and place this in a small saucepan of water until melted. This will save your bowl and you can just designate this jar for these type of projects and not even need to wash it out…

Turn the burner on and bring water to a boil. Stir ingredients constantly until they are melted and smooth:

Remove from heat and add the essential oils.

Gently stir by hand until essential oils are incorporated)

Carefully pour into molds or whatever you will be allowing the lotion bars to harden in. I used these silicon baking cups, though any mold would work.

Allow the lotion bars to cool completely before attempting to pop out of molds. These could be made in different shaped molds for different holiday gifts (hearts for valentines, flowers for Mother’s day, etc) or made in a square baking pan and then cut into actual bars.

You can also just use plain coconut oil… tired of me saying that yet?

Natural Teething/Pain Relief

The most effective natural teething relief I’ve found is chamomile infused coconut oil. Babies love the taste of it and it stays on the gums better than most other remedies.

How to Make Natural Teething Gel:

Add 4 tablespoons of chamomile flowers to 1 cup of coconut oil (can adjust down if needed) and put in a glass jar that is placed in a small pot of water. I place a silicon mat between the pan and the jar to protect the jar.

Bring the water in the pan to a simmer and keep over low heat for several hours until the oil has taken on a yellowish color and chamomile smell. Carefully strain out the flowers using a cheesecloth and a strainer. Store in a wide-mouth jar.

For teething relief, rub on baby’s gums as often as needed for relief.

More Ideas:

For more natural baby care recipes, check out my original post “7 Natural Baby Care Recipes” or my archive of natural living recipes. I’d also love to connect with you on Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest where I’m always posting new natural living recipes that use coconut oil!

Bio:

Katie is a happy housewife and work at home mom of four. She’s a real food crusader dedicated to cooking healthy, whole-food recipes for her family and helping other families do the same. A lover of books, kettlebell junkie, scuba diver, and coffee addict who can finally do a pull up. Stop by and say hi at her blog: WellnessMama.com.

Read the full article here: http://network.sophiamedia.com/coconutoil/coconut-oil-baby-care-recipes/

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available!



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32946,"Heartburn drugs known as proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) are among the most commonly used drugs in the world. About 15 million Americans use PPIs, either in prescription or over-the-counter form. Brand names include Prilosec, Prevacid and Nexium. The drugs have long been touted as a safe way to relieve heartburn, indigestion and acid reflux. They work by inhibiting the production of acid in your stomach, which helps to relieve symptoms but appears to have a number of unintended consequences as well, including for your kidneys. PPIs have previously been linked to a kidney disorder called acute interstitial nephritis. Now researchers have linked them to the risk of chronic kidney disease, prompting experts to call for more caution in their use.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43904,"by Brian Shilhavy

Created4Health.org

You cause the grass to grow for the livestock and plants for man to cultivate, that he may bring forth food from the earth… (Psalms 104:14)

In a previous article I established the fact that all food comes from God. We saw that the Bible clearly teaches that God our Creator is the one who creates and supplies food to us. All food originates from reproducing plant life – life that God created. It takes water, air and sunlight for plants to grow, elements that God also created and regulates. The animals that become meat for our food are dependent on this same plant life, air, water, and sunlight.

Psalm 104 is a psalm that clearly establishes this truth:

You make springs gush forth in the valleys; they flow between the hills; they give drink to every beast of the field; the wild donkeys quench their thirst. Beside them the birds of the heavens dwell; they sing among the branches. From your lofty abode you water the mountains; the earth is satisfied with the fruit of your work.

You cause the grass to grow for the livestock and plants for man to cultivate, that he may bring forth food from the earth and wine to gladden the heart of man, oil to make his face shine and bread to strengthen man’s heart.

The young lions roar for their prey, seeking their food from God. When the sun rises, they steal away and lie down in their dens. Man goes out to his work and to his labor until the evening. O LORD, how manifold are your works! In wisdom have you made them all; the earth is full of your creatures. (Psalms 104:5-24)

Producing Food on a Cursed Earth

In considering how God supplies us with food, we must also consider a very important event in the history of man. When the original couple Adam and Eve sinned, it affected all of creation, including food production:

And to Adam he said, “Because you have listened to the voice of your wife and have eaten of the tree of which I commanded you, ‘You shall not eat of it,’ cursed is the ground because of you; in pain you shall eat of it all the days of your life; thorns and thistles it shall bring forth for you; and you shall eat the plants of the field. By the sweat of your face you shall eat bread, till you return to the ground, for out of it you were taken; for you are dust, and to dust you shall return.” (Genesis 3:17-19)

Prior to this event, Adam’s job, the first occupation of mankind, was tending the Garden of Eden, a perfect paradise that he neither created nor planted:

And the LORD God planted a garden in Eden, in the east, and there he put the man whom he had formed. And out of the ground the LORD God made to spring up every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food. The tree of life was in the midst of the garden, and the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. A river flowed out of Eden to water the garden, and there it divided and became four rivers… The LORD God took the man and put him in the garden of Eden to work it and keep it. (Genesis 2:8-15)

What a difference between “working and keeping” a garden in paradise planted and watered by God, to the work of “sweat and pain” needed to bring forth “plants of the field” infested with thorns and thistles! The whole nature of food production changed completely, but man is still dependent upon God to supply everything necessary to produce food.

Modern Technology to the Rescue?

Today in the 21st century, however, man has built a society based on a humanistic view of life where man is believed to be the highest form of life that has evolved. Man has now taken on the role of the new “creator” of food. Modern man will have none of that “sweat and pain” and hard work stuff when it comes to producing food. In modern man’s belief system, technology has replaced all of that. As is portrayed in science fiction stories, there is a belief that one day we will be able to “create” our own food at the touch of button.

The problem with this belief system of course is the truth that man is not a creator of life, but is himself created from dust: “By the sweat of your face you shall eat bread, till you return to the ground, for out of it you were taken; for you are dust, and to dust you shall return.“

Can man and his “wonderful” technology really reverse God’s curse on sin, and its corruption of the natural world?

No. Take a look again at Psalm 104 and look at these verses:

These all look to you, to give them their food in due season. When you give it to them, they gather it up; when you open your hand, they are filled with good things. When you hide your face, they are dismayed; when you take away their breath, they die and return to their dust. When you send forth your Spirit, they are created, and you renew the face of the ground. (Psalms 104:27-30)

As I have written in many other places, modern man worships “science” which today has a very narrow meaning that only looks at the physical world. It ignores the spiritual realm altogether.

The Spiritual Laws of the Universe Cannot be Overcome by Man’s Limited Technology

But man’s technology cannot stop man from dying a physical death, which happens when the spirit leaves and the physical part of man begins to decay and return to the elements of the earth (“dust”).

In the same way, man-made things can never achieve to the things created by the Spirit of God. As the verse in Psalm 104 clearly states: “When you send forth your Spirit, they are created…” Man cannot do this.

Right and Wrong Way of Producing Food

So make no mistake about it. There is a right way to produce food and a wrong way.

The right way recognizes that all food originates from God, and is the result of trusting God and working hard to overcome the curse that the earth is currently under.

The wrong way to produce food believes that technology can produce food easily and with little effort, because the producers deny the existence of God and that all food originates from him. They deny that there is a curse on nature that affects the way food is produced, and instead put their trust in themselves and their technology.

Appropriate Use of Technology

I am thoroughly convinced that “technology” in and of itself is not evil. It is neutral, because ultimately all knowledge comes from God also. It is the application of technology that can either be helpful or harmful.

Technology Cannot Improve the Design Principles

In the case of food production, technology cannot improve on the quality of food the way God created it in its original form. It can only increase production. Technology can increase quantity, but if it is ignoring the principles God has placed in his creation, it can also degrade the food to the point where that food is no longer healthy for us because of its alteration, or lack of essential nutrients. The food can actually become toxic, and no longer promote health.

Technology in Food Production Should Focus on the Past, not the Future

The best use of technology is to acknowledge the design principle of nature, and try to overcome the effects of the sin curse by having the goal of trying to get back to the original form of nature that God created. As is the case with so many things in this world, the best food this planet has ever produced lies in the past, not the future.

Think of how nutritious the food was in the original Garden of Eden before sin and death existed! Even after sin came into the world and people began to die physical deaths, the average lifespan was 800 to 900 years!

Scriptures make it very clear that the creation is wearing out, just as clothes wear out and eventually need to be changed.

“In the beginning, O Lord, you laid the foundations of the earth, and the heavens are the work of your hands. They will perish, but you remain; they will all wear out like a garment. You will roll them up like a robe; like a garment they will be changed. But you remain the same, and your years will never end.” (Hebrews 1:10-12)

Prophecies of the future recorded in the Scriptures explain that the present physical world will be destroyed, and a new one created. Therefore, our best days on this earth were in the past, not the future. Modern technology cannot offer a better life – that is an empty promise. The best it can do is try to relearn the lessons from the past, and attempt to come as close as possible to produce food as it was originally designed.

Genetically Modified Food: A Failed Example of Food Technology

The best example today of failed promises and failed technology are genetically modified crops. The whole philosophy behind GMOs is that man can create food that is better than anything previously produced through genetic manipulation.

These GMO “foods” have not been around for very long, and we are only now starting to see the results of eating them. In 2009 the American Academy Of Environmental Medicine issued a press release on genetically modified foods that stated: “there is more than a casual association between GM foods and adverse health effects” and that “GM foods pose a serious health risk in the areas of toxicology, allergy and immune function, reproductive health, and metabolic, physiologic and genetic health.” Their position paper references several studies backing up their claims, and can be read here.

Dr. Robin Bernhoft, a fellow and past president of the American Academy of Environmental Medicine who graduated cum laude from Harvard College and earned his MD at Washington University Medical School, and is the current director of the Bernhoft Center for Advanced Medicine in Ojai California, was one of the first doctors in the U.S. to recognize the toxic effects of GMO, and to see positive results in his patients after prescribing a diet free of GMO foods. Read more about Dr. Bernhoft and watch a video presentation where he explains the lack of science behind GMO technology: Dr. Bernhoft Explains the “Science” Behind GMO Foods and Why You Want Them Labeled.

Scientists’ Warnings on GMOs to the U.S. Government Go Unheeded

Dr. Don Huber is an expert in an area of science that relates to the toxicity of genetically engineered foods. His specific areas of training include soil-borne diseases, microbial ecology, and host-parasite relationships. Dr. Huber also taught plant pathology, soil microbiology, and micro-ecological interactions as they relate to plant disease as a staff Professor at Purdue University for 35 years.

In January 2011 Dr. Huber wrote a letter to US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack alerting him that a team of scientists had discovered a new unknown pathogen in GMO soy and corn that are genetically altered to be resistant to the chemical pesticide Glyphosate, the number one selling weed killer in the U.S. (Roundup). The new organism these scientists found was linked to an epidemic of plant diseases that had spread across Midwestern fields and found in cattle and dairy herds that were experiencing infertility rates and spontaneous abortion rates as high as 45%.

So what was the government’s response to this information?

Nothing. In fact, they have approved even more genetically modified crops since 2011, even as new evidence points to the failure and toxicity of GMO foods.

A study in 2012 found that GMO foods caused cancerous tumors in rats, and a study published in 2013 found that GMO feed was harmful to the digestive tracts of pigs.

U.S. Food Supply has become Extremely Toxic

Besides these toxicity issues, more and more farmers are abandoning GMO seeds and returning to conventional seeds because pests are developing resistance to the pesticides and herbicides engineered into GMO seeds, requiring them to go back to older, more toxic pesticides. The USDA and EPA just recently approved a new herbicide that includes an older chemical called 2,4-D, which was part of Agent Orange and used in chemical warfare. (See: USDA Approves Toxic Herbicide Amidst Great Public Outcry.)

The reason this toxic chemical was approved is because many pests and weeds have developed resistance to glyphosate, the active ingredient is herbicides such as Round Up.

Glyphosate toxicity and prevalence in our food supply and environment is well documented. It is a highly toxic chemical that causes damage to our digestive system and can be linked to many diseases. (See: Glyphosate Herbicide Causes Antibiotic Resistant Bacteria, Kidney Disease, and Infertility.)

Tropical Traditions recently tested some organic grains and found that they were contaminated with residues of toxic glyphosate. So not even the USDA Organic seal can guarantee that your food is safe. (See: ALERT: Certified Organic Food Grown in U.S. Found Contaminated with Glyphosate Herbicide.)

GMO Food: Failed Promises Based on a False Belief System

The promise of higher yields from GMO seeds is also proving to be an empty promise, as farmers in poorer countries using traditional, sustainable farming techniques are seeing much higher yields (see for example: India’s Rice Revolution: India’s Poorest State Grows World Record Amounts of Rice – with no GM, no Herbicide.)

When GMO seeds were allowed to be patented and introduced into the market in the late 1990s, the promise was higher yields and less toxic chemicals needed to produce food. Sadly, because this thinking and belief system violates the design principle and ignores the current curse on the natural world, just the exact opposite has happened. We have ended up with lower yields and more toxic food.

U.S. Food System now Controlled by a Handful of Large Corporations with Tremendous Political Power

The large agricultural companies that produce these GMO seeds are among the most powerful companies in the world, spending millions of dollars lobbying and contributing to political campaigns to get their products approved.

You are eating these GMO foods, whether you realize it or not, because there are currently no requirements to label GMO foods. The industry has fought hard to prevent any kind of labeling requirements on food identifying them as genetically modified, because they know it will hurt their sales. Certain foods, such as corn and soy, are predominantly GM now, and unless it is labeled as organic or non-GMO, it is a safe bet to just assume it is a GMO variety.

There is some hope however. Communities in Hawaii and other places in the U.S. are starting to take a stand, and take measures to ban GMOs in their community. (See: Victory! Hawaii Leads Nation on Banning GMO Crops.)

Conclusion: We Need to Return to the Roots of our Past

When our country was founded, 90% of the population was involved in agriculture. When Abraham Lincoln was president during the Civil War, about 50% of the population was involved in agriculture producing food, and much of the population still lived near farms that produced food. Food in the past was less toxic, and more nutritious. Should we not use modern technology to return to time-honored agricultural principles that respects the design principle?

Today, less than 1% of the population in the United States produces food for everyone else. Do you know who produces your food? Do you know what you’re eating? Do you think your food is safe just because it is legal and you can buy it in a grocery store?

The eyes of all look to you, and you give them their food in due season. (Psalms 145:15)

Related article: Who do You Trust for Your Food?

Free Shipping Available!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24181,"Victor Dzau, currently the chancellor for health affairs at Duke University, will be the new president of the Institute of Medicine, beginning July 1, 2014. Dzau’s work at Duke University has a long history of funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), which accepts a great deal of money from Big Pharma and is deeply enmeshed with the industry. Dzau has served on the board of multiple pharmaceutical companies, a medical devices company, and PepsiCo – and has become a multimillionaire as a result. The revolving doors between academia, government, and industry have effectively led to a situation where it's now extremely difficult, if not impossible, to trust conventional health advice, even if it comes from supposedly reputable institutions. Unfortunately today, even organizations that appear to be an independent “trusted” source for health information are typically very much intertwined with and beholden to industry, including Big Pharma and junk-food giants, and their health recommendations reflect this.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43843,"by Brian Shilhavy

Created4Health.org

A Maskil of David, when he was in the cave. A Prayer. With my voice I cry out to the LORD; with my voice I plead for mercy to the LORD. I pour out my complaint before him; I tell my trouble before him. When my spirit faints within me, you know my way! In the path where I walk they have hidden a trap for me. Look to the right and see: there is none who takes notice of me; no refuge remains to me; no one cares for my soul. I cry to you, O LORD; I say, “You are my refuge, my portion in the land of the living.” Attend to my cry, for I am brought very low! Deliver me from my persecutors, for they are too strong for me! Bring me out of prison, that I may give thanks to your name! The righteous will surround me, for you will deal bountifully with me. (Psalms 142:1-7)

Do you feel all alone today? Do people treat you unfairly? Do you feel like no one is interested in any of your problems and that there seems no way out of your difficult circumstances? Who can you complain to??

David was anointed the King of Israel and there he was sitting in a cave with King Saul bearing down on him ready to capture and kill him. This actually happened more than once! There are two stories recorded where he hid in a cave: the cave of Adullam recorded in 1 Samuel 22:1, and the cave in Engedi recorded in 1 Samuel 24:3 – it could have been one of these times or another time altogether not recorded in the Bible when David wrote this Psalm. Whatever your circumstances are today, they probably are not as dire as David’s were when he wrote this Psalm. Let’s take a look at how he approached this situation.

First, he was not afraid to complain before God. Who is going to listen to you when you complain? The Creator of the universe and the one who knit you together in your mother’s womb, and the one who loves you with an unfailing love is the one who is always available, and has plenty of time to listen to everything you have to say. Are you taking advantage of this incredible opportunity that you have right now, at this very moment, to talk to and pour out your soul to the one who knows you and loves you more than anyone else in the universe? He is so sad when he sees you struggling, and you don’t even take a moment of your day to come to him with your problems. David knew God’s love, and when everyone else abandoned him, he knew where to go with his complaints. And he went to God with his complaints often!!

So do you have a complaint today? There is only one person who will always listen to all your complaints. Take it to the Lord Jesus, the one currently ruling in the kingdom of light and who actually has the power to do something about it. If you take it to someone else, it probably won’t do any good anyway. Chances are they have their own problems to deal with and aren’t interested in your complaints. David shows us here that it is okay to complain to God. But remember that David ran away from Saul for probably more than 10 years before he received the throne of the kingdom, so David probably did a lot of complaining, and God’s answer was not always to take him out of his difficult situations. But he always gave him the strength to endure them, and he always showed him the way he should go.

Secondly, complain with faith. David had been in these situations before, and he had the promises of God to depend upon, even though they didn’t look like they were working at the moment. So as he complains to God and cries out for help, he does so in faith looking forward to the future: “The righteous will surround me, for you will deal bountifully with me.” So let’s follow David’s example and do the same today! Make your complaint to the Lord Jesus; ask him to show you the way out, and trust him to work out everything in his timing. You will then find the strength to endure ANYTHING that the enemy from the kingdom of darkness may attack you with today. You are not alone….

Original article here: http://network.sophiamedia.com/created4health/devotionals/Who_is_going_to_listen_to_your_complaint.htm",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47204,"by Paul Fassa

Health Impact News

How counter-intuitive can one get? Everybody knows marijuana users get the “munchies,” which are usually satisfied with high calorie low nutrient foods. It’s also somewhat accepted by mainstream oncology that cannabis curbs chemo patients’ nausea and boosts their appetites.

Yet studies demonstrate that even recreational pot users have a considerably lower incidence of obesity and metabolic syndrome, which often leads to diabetes 2. Study details later in this article.

According to the Mayo Clinic,

Metabolic syndrome is a cluster of conditions — increased blood pressure, high blood sugar, excess body fat around the waist, and abnormal cholesterol or triglyceride levels — that occur together, increasing your risk of heart disease, stroke and diabetes. (Source.)

In 2012, diabetes affected around 29 million Americans with an increase of 1.7 annual, leading to death from the disease itself or other related complications among many. It seems that pharmaceuticals have failed with diabetes, but dramatic life style changes have a good track record of eliminating metabolic-syndrome and diabetes 2.

A feature of metabolic syndrome or diabetes 2 is insulin resistance. The pancreas produces sufficient insulin, but the cells that need insulin to metabolize glucose, but the body’s cells are hampered from absorbing insulin. After digestion breaks down food carbohydrates into glucose, insulin is needed to convey that glucose into cells that the cells use to create energy.

At first, the pancreas’s beta cells work harder to produce more insulin and maintain normal blood sugar levels. But eventually the pancreas runs out of steam producing against insulin resistance. The glucose isn’t utilized by cells for energy while it builds up in the bloodstream, creating high blood sugar levels. (Source.)

Diabetes 1 is usually the result of an anomaly in one’s early development, creating a deficiency of insulin production from the pancreas, thus forcing diabetes 1 victims to inject insulin externally. Diabetes 1 people tend to be thin or underweight. Diabetes 2 folks tend to be overweight or obese and in need of a lifestyle change.

If diabetes 2 is not eliminated or diminished somewhat, the effects can get very serious, even leading to cardiac conditions and other diseases. Alzheimer’s disease is now often considered diabetes 3.

Three Studies That Confirm Potential Cannabis Treatment for Diabetes 2

Insulin resistance promotes blood coagulation in major blood vessels that contribute to high blood pressure and life threatening heart diseases.

(1) A 2007 in vivo (animal) study published in the journal Phytomedicine titled “Anticoagulant effect of cannabis in an obese rat model” came up with the following conclusion:

The study thus shows that Cannabis sativa and the cannabinoids, THC and CBN, display anticoagulant activity and may be useful in the treatment of diseases such as type 2 diabetes in which a hypercoagulable state exists. (Source.)

Thus it appears the pharmaceutical medications with harmful or uncomfortable side effects normally prescribed can be replaced with THC and CBD combined cannabis strains however consumed.

(2) An earlier 2006 study showed diabetic improvement in non-obese mice with CBD (cannabidiol) only, no THC (tetra-hydrochloride), the cannabinoid that creates the “high.”

From the Israeli study titled “Cannabidiol lowers incidence of diabetes in non-obese diabetic mice” posted in the 2006 issue of Autoimmunity (NOD stands for non-obese diabetic):

We now report that CBD treatment significantly reduces the incidence of diabetes in NOD mice from an incidence of 86% in non-treated control mice to an incidence of 30% in CBD-treated mice. CBD treatment also resulted in the significant reduction of plasma levels of the pro-inflammatory cytokines, (…) Our results indicate that CBD can inhibit and delay destructive insulitis and inflammatory Th1 associated cytokine production in NOD mice resulting in a decreased incidence of diabetes possibly through an immunomodulatory mechanism shifting the immune response from Th1 to Th2 dominance. (Source.)

(3) Research performed in Italy to determine the effects of cannabis on diabetic neuropathy titled “Beneficial effects of a Cannabis sativa extract treatment on diabetes-induced neuropathy and oxidative stress” was published by the journal Phytotherapy Research in 2009.

Diabetic neuropathy is a common occurrence among diabetics. It’s the result of nerve damage, most often within the peripheral nervous system affecting the hands, feet, and legs with weakness, pain, numbness, tingling, or burning sensations. Other less common types of neuropathy among diabetics are frequent urination or incontinence, diarrhea or constipation, and eye nerve damage that can lead to blindness. The Italian study was performed using cannabis because most pharmaceutical analgesics are ineffective and carry cumbersome side effects. The researchers used CBD (cannabidiol), which has managed worse neurological disorders of chronic seizures without side effects. They found the CBD highly effective with diabetes-induced neuropathy symptoms as well. (Source.)

All three studies above represent potential diabetes treatments with cannabis. The following two epidemiological surveys demonstrate that cannabis use is a powerful deterrent to becoming insulin sensitive or diabetic.

Two Studies Demonstrating Cannabis Use as Preventative for Diabetes

A study titled, “The Impact of Marijuana Use on Glucose, Insulin, and Insulin Resistance among US Adults,” was published in The American Journal of Medicine on July 2013. This study demonstrated how cannabis use helps prevent diabetes and obesity, even while suffering “the munchies.”

The survey included 4657 adult men and women from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey from 2005 to 2010. Among them 1975 were past users and 579 currently puffed the weed. Marijuana use was assessed by self-report in a private room.

Keep in mind that smoking marijuana involves THC as well as the other cannabinoids. The researchers discovered that pot smokers had significantly less insulin resistance and obesity. (Source.)

The University of Miami School of Medicine got into the act as well. Their study, “Metabolic Syndrome among Marijuana Users in the United States: An Analysis of National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey Data,” was published in the 2015 American Journal of Medicine.

Researchers covered 8,500 people, ages 20 to 59, divided into three groups: People who currently use marijuana, people who used to consume marijuana and people who never used marijuana. Keep in mind that metabolic-syndrome includes the “cluster of symptoms” leading to diabetes: Increased blood pressure, high blood sugar, excess body fat around the waist, and abnormal cholesterol or triglyceride levels.

Their conclusion:

Among emerging adults, current marijuana users were 54 percent less likely than never users to present with metabolic syndrome. These findings have important implications for the nation as marijuana use becomes more accepted and we simultaneously face multiple epidemics of obesity, cardiovascular disease, and diabetes. (Source.)

These published peer reviewed studies are a small sampling of international studies from Israel, Spain, Italy, and the USA among others that have looked into various applications of cannabis for treatments for other diseases with positive results.

Yet, the DEA Controlled Substance Schedule 1 rating for cannabis of dangerous, addictive, and without medical merit stands as of this writing. Apparently, the Justice Department that governs the DEA is trying to protect the pharmaceutical industry, not ordinary citizens.

Sources:

http://herb.co/2015/11/17/marijuana-and-diabetes/

https://cannabis.net/blog/medical/is-cannabis-the-diabetes-cure-we-have-been-searching-for

http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/08916930500356674

http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0002934313002003

http://extract.suntimes.com/information-resources/10/153/8099/marijuana-users-50-percent-lower-risk-metabolic-syndrome-study",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23929,"By GARDINER HARRIS

New York Times

Excerpts:

Nearly one in seven elderly nursing home residents, nearly all of them with dementia, are given powerful atypical antipsychotic drugs even though the medicines increase the risks of death and are not approved for such treatments, a government audit found.

“Government, taxpayers, nursing home residents as well as their families and caregivers should be outraged and seek solutions,” Daniel R. Levinson, inspector general of the Department of Health and Human Services, wrote in announcing the audit results.

Mr. Levinson noted that such drugs — which include Risperdal, Zyprexa, Seroquel, Abilify and Geodon — are “potentially lethal” to many of the patients getting them and that some drug manufacturers illegally marketed their medicines for these uses “putting profits before safety.”

Read the Full Article Here: http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/10/health/policy/10drug.html

Retail: $$14.95

Now: $$11.95

More Info",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32906,"by John P. Thomas

Health Impact News

Everyday throughout America, dozens of articles appear in major newspapers warning about Zika. I don’t have time to read all the lies and intentionally deceptive propaganda published in these articles, but I do read some of the headlines, which tell a story all in themselves. These articles promote the agenda of various national and international organizations, and the system of Big Pharma that is controlling them.

If we were to read the stories in major papers about Zika and believe them, we would conclude that Zika is an extremely dangerous virus – perhaps one of the most serious threats to our health since the 1918 flu and the polio epidemic in the 1950s. Of course, this is not true. Please see my previous article about Zika for additional information.

The deception about Zika has recently reached an even higher level of bold-faced lying. An article in the New York Times titled, “Zika May Increase Risk of Mental Illness, Researchers Say,” captured my attention this week, and I had to read it. Actually I read it three times, because I couldn’t believe the lack of evidence for their speculation. I kept thinking I was missing something, which allowed them to draw their conclusions. But I wasn’t — the article is truly just a masterpiece of deceptive propaganda.

The New York Times article stated:

Even infants who appear normal at birth may be at higher risk for mental illnesses later in life if their mothers were infected [with Zika] during pregnancy, many researchers fear. The Zika virus, they say, closely resembles some infectious agents that have been linked to the development of autism, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia.

This is a link to the full NYT article: Zika May Increase Risk of Mental Illness, Researchers Say – The New York Times

Why does the NY Times Want Me to Believe This?

Whenever I read propaganda in the mainstream media, I automatically ask: “Why do they want me to believe this? — Why do they want me to believe that pregnant women infected with the Zika virus are likely to produce children who will develop autism, bipolar illness, or schizophrenia?”

I believe the answer is quite simple. It has five parts, which all center on explaining away the truth and believing a common lie. If officials can convince us to believe that Zika causes microcephaly, autism, bipolar illness, and schizophrenia, then they have covered up the true causes of these conditions.

They don’t want us to look at:

Their releasing of GMO mosquitoes into the natural environment,

Their heavy use of glyphosate and other agricultural pesticides,

Their adding the larvicide Pyriproxyfen directly into the public drinking water supply,

Their giving the Tdap vaccine to pregnant women, and

Their perpetuation of poverty and the consumption of a high carbohydrate and GMO rich diet.

But there is more to the blame game that public health officials and Big Pharma are playing. First, they don’t want us to be alarmed by reports in the next few years about the sudden increase in rates of autism spectrum disorders, bipolar illness, and schizophrenia that will suddenly appear from these preceding actions. Second, even more important to their strategy, they don’t want us to be alarmed when the incidence of these conditions grows even higher after the Zika vaccine goes into world-wide distribution. Ultimately, they are trying to condition our minds to accept the harmful consequences that will occur when billions of adults and children of all ages, including pregnant women, take the Zika vaccine.

Vaccine manufacturers, and the public health system they control, are preparing us for a difficult to swallow eventuality. They want us to believe that the increased number of people with these conditions will be the result of Zika, which has infected pregnant women, and not their vaccines. They will even blame the unvaccinated for the spread of Zika and the occurrence of microcephaly, autism, bipolar illness, and schizophrenia.

It’s a Brilliant Strategy

The truth will be that the rise in these conditions will be from all the reasons cited, but especially from the widespread distribution of the Zika vaccine. It will have nothing to do with the wild Zika virus. Of course they will never admit such a thing; instead, they will just blame the consequences on Zika and those who refuse the vaccine. This is truly a brilliant strategy to cover up the truth.

A Passenger Train Named Zika

I recently read a post from a listserv which assembled an impressive list of headlines about Zika. As I read through them, I felt like I was on a fast moving passenger train. It was a train loaded with millions of people. As the train sped through the darkness of night, headlines from major news sources flashed up in the night sky on both sides of the train and then quickly disappeared. The headlines were printed in brilliant neon lights against the blackness of night. One after another the messages hypnotically flashed up like fireworks and then disappeared. The people on the train exclaimed over and over again – “Oh no!” “What are we going to DO?” “My God, my daughter is pregnant!” “Where’s the vaccine – we have got to have a vaccine!”

These are some of the actual headlines that have appeared in conventional media sources in the last week or so. Most of them appeared in a single 24 hour period.

Commercial test for Zika virus could be available within weeks. USA TODAY

Brazil reports explosion of dengue, a bad omen for spread of Zika virus. MSN.com

Two US Women Miscarry After Zika Infection, CDC Says. ABC News

Prepare for ‘Guerrilla Warfare’ With Zika-Carrying Mosquitoes. New York Times

What real threat does Zika pose to the Rio Olympics? History has an… CNN

Venezuela says 3 dead from Zika virus complications. CBS News

Zika virus adds to growing list of troubles for Brazil. USA TODAY

Brazil reports explosion of dengue, a bad omen for spread of Zika virus. Washington Post

Colombia: A nation in panic over Zika. BBC News

Zika outbreak: 200000 troops deployed. BBC News

Zika virus likely to blame for Romeoville woman’s miscarriage. Chicago Tribune

TIMELINE-Zika’s origin and global spread. Reuters

CDC: Puerto Rico seeing mounting cases of Zika virus infection. Washington Post

Factbox: Why the Zika virus is causing alarm. Reuters

US scientists travel to Colombia for Zika collaboration. Yahoo News

Fort Collins CDC branch is ‘ground zero’ for Zika virus research. The Coloradoan

Zika Warning Spotlights Latin America’s Fight Against Mosquito-Borne Diseases. The New York Times

FDA Issues Zika Virus Guidelines for Blood Supply. The New York Times

W.H.O. Recommends Contraception in Countries with Zika Virus. The New York Times

[Pope] Francis Says Contraception Can Be Used to Slow Zika. The New York Times

Zika Outbreak Could Be an Omen of the Global Warming Threat. The New York Times

WHO: Zika Vaccines at Least 18 Months Away From Broad Trials. Associated Press

[I want to thank Anne Dachel for her initial contribution to this list of headlines. She is the author of The Big Autism Cover-Up: How and Why the Media Is Lying to the American Public, Skyhorse Publishing, 2014.]

I am amazed how many of these articles mention how we don’t have a vaccine yet, but they assure us that scientists are working on one. We are told that 15 companies and groups are already working on a Zika virus vaccine. [2]

Riding the Zika Train

So, here we sit on the Zika train watching headlines as we speed off into the future. Even though we haven’t been officially told where it is we are going, the chief engineer and his crew are fully aware of the destination.

After many months and perhaps years of traveling on the Zika train, and being indoctrinated into the official story of Zika by conventional media sources, the train will slow to a stop. The passengers will be told that they can leave the train and return home — that is as soon as they take the Zika vaccine. Those who are still unsure or flatly refuse will have to stay on the train for further re-education.

While we are on the passenger train named Zika, the engineers who are guiding the train will be working hard to set the stage to “protect” the population of the world from Zika. There will be countless secret meetings and top secret memos, which will establish their Zika vaccine Management Plan.

I have put together my own version of a Zika management plan based on what I know about the public health system and the plans of Big Pharma. It describes where I think the engineers want to take us.

Timetable for a Zika Management Plan

It’s easy to close one’s eyes and speculate about the doom and gloom that the future might hold if vaccine manufacturers get their way. Mainstream media calls all of this conspiracy theory and seeks to laugh at anyone who has such thoughts. If we weren’t seeing nearly every state in our union moving to mandate vaccination in one way or another, this would all be just speculation. But, the signs are clear, mandatory world-wide vaccination programs are just around the corner. This is how the process might unfold.

There will be a demand from politicians for the FastTrack development of a Zika vaccine. We might even see a trial vaccine offered to people attending the Rio Olympic Games this summer. If not then, it will be in 2017.

There will be a rapid distribution of GMO mosquitoes in the area of Rio to supposedly prevent Zika from infecting the international gathering of people from nearly every country on Earth.

After the Olympic Games are over and everyone returns to their home countries, we will start hearing that Zika has been found in every moderately warm country on Earth. Proof of world-wide Zika infection will be physically demonstrated by a sudden increase in the number of babies identified with microcephaly, and young children with autism spectrum disorder, bipolar illness, and schizophrenia.

The World Health Organization will formulate a plan for mass vaccinations. The plan will require the world population to be vaccinated for Zika. While they are making their plans and setting up their distribution system, chemical companies, GMO product producers, and vaccine manufacturers will continue to contaminate our environment, our food supply, and our bodies.

GMO mosquitoes will be released into environments around the world especially in the United States. During the time when facilities are being developed for large scale GMO mosquito manufacturing, blanket aerial spraying of pesticides will be done over large portions of the United States to kill existing mosquito populations. U.S. citizens will have been so terrified by media reports that they will demand the aerial spraying and the release of GMO mosquitoes regardless of the known hazards of pesticides and the completely unknown consequences of the GMO mosquitoes. We might even see the return of DDT.

The number of babies that the CDC says are born in the United States every year with microcephaly (786 to 4,819) [3] will suddenly change. They will stop reporting those numbers, and instead will tell us that Zika has spread throughout the United States and is now causing 25,000 new cases of microcephaly every year. [4] They will just start reporting the number of babies that scientists actually know are born with microcephaly and blame the so-called increase on Zika.

Babies with microcephaly will be suddenly put on display in all forms of print and visual media to evoke fear and panic. Frequent reports about Zika will be used to terrorize the population of the world until most people believe that Zika also causes autism, bipolar disorders, and schizophrenia. A picture will tell a thousand words, and the pictures of babies with microcephaly will tell us that Zika is an epidemic, and every single human being must take the Zika vaccine to protect humanity as soon as it available. Posters and electronic media will tell couples to put off having children until they can get the vaccine.

Religions that don’t permit birth control will start to encourage it, and countries that currently don’t permit abortion will change their laws. They will encourage expectant mothers who get sick with a fever or rash of any type during pregnancy to have an abortion.

Once the door has been opened to mandatory world-wide vaccinations for Zika, then a whole parade of additional vaccines will come forth one after another. The World Health Organization and Big Pharma will not rest until everyone, and I do mean every one of us receives dozens of vaccines to “protect the public health.” This will be a public relations campaign unlike we have ever seen before. We will be told that it is our responsibility as citizens of our country and the world to submit to vaccination for the “greater good” of humanity.

Anyone who objects to world-wide vaccination and actively raises his or her voice in opposition to the program will be called stupid and selfish. We will be vilified as risking the health and wellbeing of the billions of people who happily submit to the mandatory program of mass vaccinations. We might even be imprisoned on the Zika passenger trained for life or until we become willing to roll up our sleeves and take the vaccine.

Final Thoughts

I hope and I pray that my vision of things to come with Zika is wrong and the rapidly increasing fearmongering about the dangers of Zika will just fade like a bad dream, but I think this time the nightmare of mandatory vaccination may just become reality. If I am wrong, and the rising wave of Zika hysteria blows over, then we will soon be told of another virus that is even worse than Ebola or Zika. Big Pharma and the international public health system will keep fomenting worldwide fear about some viral menace until they get what they want, which is total control over our bodies, our minds, our money, and our freedom to make choices.

Despite their goals, and their timetables, there is one thing that they will be unable to quench and that is the spirit of truth that lives in the hearts of many people around the world. These people will not be afraid to speak the truth about the deceptive games that our country and the rest of the world is playing with Big Pharma. We will speak the truth about the corruption and the deceivers who are in our midst until we restore our basic human rights to make decisions about what we eat and what we allow the medical monopoly system to do with our bodies.

References

[1] Ashwal S, Michelson D, Plawner L, Dobyns WB, plus 30 collaborators; “Practice parameter: Evaluation of the child with microcephaly (an evidence-based review): report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society,” Neurology, 9/15/2009, PMID: 19752457. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19752457

[2] “Fort Collins CDC branch is ‘ground zero’ for Zika virus research,” The Coloradoan. http://www.coloradoan.com/story/news/2016/02/12/fort-collins-cdc-branch-ground-zero-zika-virus-research/80316454/

[3] “Facts about Microcephaly,” Birth Defects, NCBDDD, Centers for Disease Control, Retrieved 2/10/2016. http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/birthdefects/microcephaly.html#ref

[4] Ashwal S, Michelson D, Plawner L, Dobyns WB, plus 30 collaborators; “Practice parameter: Evaluation of the child with microcephaly (an evidence-based review): report of the Quality Standards Subcommittee of the American Academy of Neurology and the Practice Committee of the Child Neurology Society,” Neurology, 9/15/2009, PMID: 19752457. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/19752457",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24719,"By Dr. John Briffa

The EpochTimes

It is easy to believe that fat is fattening. Compared to carbohydrate or protein, fat is rich in calories. However, the evidence does not link eating fat with obesity.

Eating low-fat diets is quite ineffective for weight loss. The evidence suggests that fat is not fattening. Understanding how this can be helps us understand what influences the accumulation of fat in the fat cells.

One key player is insulin. This hormone predisposes the body to fat accumulation through a variety of mechanisms, including enhanced uptake of fat into the fat cells (through activation of the enzyme lipoprotein lipase) and suppression of fat release (by inhibiting the enzyme hormone-sensitive lipase).

Fat does not stimulate insulin secretion directly. Is it possible that someone could eat a diet of nothing but fat and lose weight? This concept may sound far-fetched, but there is evidence for it.

Read the Entire Article here: http://www.theepochtimes.com/n2/health/why-high-fat-diets-are-not-fattening-54236.html",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24110,"US government says cannabis kills cancer cells

By Nick Allen

The Telegraph

Excerpts:

The US government has confirmed that cannabis can kill cancer cells after the drug did so in tests on mice and rats, according to the National Cancer Institute.

On its website The National Cancer Institute, part of the US department of health, said: Laboratory and animal studies have shown that cannabinoids (the active ingredient in cannabis) may be able to kill cancer cells while protecting normal cells. They may inhibit tumour growth by causing cell death, blocking cell growth, and blocking the development of blood vessels needed by tumours to grow. The studies in rodents show that cannabinoids may reduce the risk of colon, liver and breast cancer, and could make chemotherapy more effective. Read the full article here.

We Lost the War on Cancer – Review of Alternative Cancer Therapies

We have lost the war on cancer. At the beginning of the last century, one person in twenty would get cancer. In the 1940s it was one out of every sixteen people. In the 1970s it was one person out of ten. Today one person out of three gets cancer in the course of their life.

The cancer industry is probably the most prosperous business in the United States. In 2014, there will be an estimated 1,665,540 new cancer cases diagnosed and 585,720 cancer deaths in the US. $$6 billion of tax-payer funds are cycled through various federal agencies for cancer research, such as the National Cancer Institute (NCI). The NCI states that the medical costs of cancer care are $$125 billion, with a projected 39 percent increase to $$173 billion by 2020.

The simple fact is that the cancer industry employs too many people and produces too much income to allow a cure to be found. All of the current research on cancer drugs is based on the premise that the cancer market will grow, not shrink.

John Thomas explains to us why the current cancer industry prospers while treating cancer, but cannot afford to cure it in Part I. In Part II, he surveys the various alternative cancer therapies that have been proven effective, but that are not approved by the FDA.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33133,"[1]

We earlier reported on a mysterious global epidemic of fatal kidney disease, focusing on a study published in the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health1 that laid down evidence showing the herbicide Roundup (glyphosate) is responsible for an epidemic of kidney-related deaths in a rural farming region of Northern Sri Lanka, as well as other rural regions around the world, including Costa Rica and Nicaragua. You can review the report here: Roundup Weedkiller Linked To Global Epidemic of Fatal Kidney Disease [2].

This information, while shocking to many who still consider glyphosate herbicide and the GM food produced with it to be relatively non-toxic, is not surprising to those who have been tracking the published research on glyphosate’s wide ranging harmful effects [3], and which now shows a link between glyphosate and several dozen health conditions. You can view the first-hand toxicological citations here: Adverse Health Effects of Glyphosate Formulations [4].

The Center for Public Integrity released a report titled, “Sri Lanka bans Monsanto herbicide citing potential link to deadly kidney disease [5],” citing Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa’s March 13th decision [6] to impose an outright ban on glyphosate. This decision follows a decision by the legislature in El Salvador in September 2013 to approve a ban on glyphosate [7], but the proposal has not yet been signed into law.

Now that the world seems to be paying closer attention to the fact that the primary agrichemical used in the farming of genetically modified crops has deleterius, if not deadly, consequences to exposed populations, including kidney harm, it is only logical to ask the question if the US, which has the highest amount of glyphosate usage in the world, is also experiencing kidney harm as a result of widespread daily exposure.

A series of graphs based on data from the USDA, National Cancer Institutes, Centers for Disease Control, have recently surfaced, depicting a steep rise in the rates of kidney disease in the US from the time of the introduction of glyphosate and GM food, reveals that the US may also be suffering from an epidemic of glyphosate-linked kidney damage.

The first graph below depicts the ‘Age Adjusted Acute Renal Failure Deaths’ in the US from 1981 to 2009 plotted against the percentage of GE soy and corn planted, and the tonnage of glyphosate applied to corn and soy, showing death rates more than doubling over the past 30 years.

The second graph depicts the ‘Number of Hospitalizations for Acute Kidney Injury’ in the US plotted against glyphosate applied to corn and soy, between years 1990-2010. Within a single decade (1996-2006), hospitalizations due to acute kidney injury had more than tripled.

The third graph depicts ‘Kidney and Renal Pelvis Cancer Incidence’ in the US, plotted against the percentage of GE soy and corn planted, and the tonnage of glyphosate applied to corn and soy, showing death rates increasing by 50% between 1998 and 2008.

The implications of this data are highly concerning. The steady increase in acute and chronic kidney disease in the US population dovetails so closely with the increased use (and therefore human exposure) to glyphosate and glyphosate contaminated food, that it is hard to write off the correlation as coincidence.

In previous articles, we have examined the evidence showing that glyphosate is accumulating in our air [8], rain, groundwater [9], soil [10], food [11], and even persists in the seawater where it may be killing our coral reefs [12]. Far from the ‘highly biodegradable,’ ‘virtually non toxic’ chemical it was once marketed to be by its creator Monsanto, it is now known to persist in a way that makes daily exposure inevitable, and which accumulates with time, as its use increases each year.

In fact, the entire basis for arguing for the substantial equivalence of GMO and non-GMO foods [13] is that glyphosate possesses negligible toxicity. The GMO biosafety debate normally revolves around whether the novel transgenes inserted into the plants produce problematic proteins or insecticidal compounds that have adverse, non-target adverse health effects on humans. If glyphosate is toxic in extremely low concentrations (as low as the parts per trillion range [14]), then any food produced using glyphosate (and which is therefore contaminated with it, or its equally toxic metabolites, such as AMPA [15]) will not be equivalent in safety to the non-GMO/conventional/organic food which is free of such residues [16].

As the increasingly educated world comes to understand the inherent and extreme dangers of glyphosate formulations like Roundup [17], there will be increasing momentum for the consumer to move supplicating the ‘powers that be’ for lapdog like permission to have GM-containing products accurately labeled, to recognizing the underlying infrastructure of GMO agriculture is slowing altering (via GMO transgene biopollution) and killing the biosphere via wide-ranging agrichemical destruction. In other words, the rallying cry now is to ‘Ban Glyphosate and GMOs!’

REFERENCES

1 Channa Jayasumana, Sarath Gunatilake, Priyantha Senanayake Glyphosate, Hard Water and Nephrotoxic Metals: Are They the Culprits Behind the Epidemic of Chronic Kidney Disease of Unknown Etiology in Sri Lanka?Int. J. Environ. Res. Public Health 2014, 11(2), 2125-2147; doi:10.3390/ijerph110202125 [18]

Read the Full Article Here [1].

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47191,"Want to manage your diabetes through medicinal foods? The FDA says no. “Medical foods,” by federal definition, aren't simply a diet plan prescribed by a doctor. They are foods that are specifically formulated and processed for a sick patient. They form a separate category from conventional foods and dietary supplements in that they are intended to meet specific nutritional requirements for the management of a disease or condition, and are used under medical supervision. The FDA has just issued an updated draft guidance on medical foods, and this new version drastically limits the number of medical conditions that medical foods can be used to manage. What we need are better medical foods, not the elimination of them.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
834,"As we have reported stories on hundreds of HPV vaccine injuries and deaths over the past few years, one statement we hear over and over again from the victims is: ""I just trusted my doctor."" Since the U.S. Government and the pharmaceutical companies unanimously state that the HPV vaccine is ""safe and effective,"" most don't bother to research the vaccine for themselves, and doctors seldom, if ever, talk about potential side effects. When they are discussed, they are presented as very rare. It is of course impossible to prove that the serious side effects are rare, and the stories we have covered lend evidence to the likelihood that this is probably not true. And the side effects are very serious, from Primary Ovarian Failure (premature menopause - will never have children), to heart disease, and even death. Another apparent side effect from the vaccine that is supposed to protect one from cancer, is cancer. In this article, Katy explains how she developed cervical cancer after receiving the Gardasil vaccine. In another interview, Asha relates how her life was destroyed after receiving the Gardasil vaccines. She is now in the early stages of developing leukemia. Should this vaccine ever have been brought to market? We look at some facts about Gardasil that most in the public are completely unaware.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33357,"by Sarah Shilhavy

Health Impact News

Having a plate or bowl of candies out for parties and holidays is a common sight to be seen, but no one needs to be putting those kinds of crazy amounts of processed ingredients into their bodies. The solution would be to make your own candies so you can control what goes into them and make the end result a good deal better for you.

The recipes here are simply processed sugar-free, not sweetener free. The sweeteners used here are traditional sweeteners such as raw honey and maple syrup. In addition, because these are candy recipes there is a very high sugar content for nearly all of them, and thus they are not a health food, but a sweet treat to be enjoyed occasionally.

While candy making is seen as a daunting, day-long task, it can actually be far easier than you may realize. Using different coconut ingredients such as coconut oil, Coconut Cream Concentrate and coconut milk to make candies will not only will provide coconut flavor, but also cut out a lot of complicated steps to candy making. Homemade coconut oil chocolate is a very popular and easy DIY candy that requires no cooking, as is using Coconut Cream Concentrate (also known as “coconut butter”) to make white chocolate-like candy barks.

Below are 10 easy-to-make, beginner-friendly homemade candies utilizing at least one coconut ingredient to make an impressively delicious and easily portable sweet treat that you can have out at parties or package up to give away. Try one, or try them all! Many are even completely no bake and no cook. It doesn’t get any easier than that. Just keep in mind that these are candy recipes, so don’t be eating them like you should your vegetables.

1. Honey Caramels with Chocolate, Almond and Coconut [1]

This recipe follows a more traditional style of candy making by boiling down a liquid with fat and sugar. This recipe contains a very high amount of sweetener, so keep that in mind before stuffing your face.

[1]

2. Pumpkin Pie Truffles [2]

Why buy those overpriced truffles from the chocolate shop? They’re so easy to make at home (you’ll just need to get your chocolate coating technique down). This recipe does make a fairly large batch, so it’ll be a good idea to share… if you can.

[2]

3. Coconut Butter Candy Bark [3]

Coconut Cream Concentrate makes this lightly honey sweetened, no cook candy incredibly easy to make. Use organic dark chocolate chips and enjoy yourself.

[3]

4. Coconut Oil Chocolate Peanut Butter Truffles [4]

Love those little truffles filled with peanut butter at that overpriced chocolate shop? Now you know how to make them yourself. Easily, at home, with coconut oil, in under an hour. You’re welcome.

[4]

5. Goo Goo Clusters – Real Food Candy [5]

The title is a bit silly but it speaks truth. Made from real food, sweetened with maple syrup, and filled with coconut and caramel gooeyness, you’re going to want to sink your teeth into these no cook candies, but not too many. Be nice and package some into little boxes and bags to give away.

[5]

6. Coconut Cream After Dinner Mints [6]

Be awesome and impressive at your next dinner party and whip out these fancy, homemade after dinner mints made with coconut oil, Coconut Cream Concentrate and sweetened with raw honey. Paired with cool mint, it’s a party of flavors all by itself.

[6]

7. Melt in Your Mouth Dark Chocolate Coconut Oil Truffles [7]

You can have a lot of fun with these classic truffles. Play with the flavor extracts and try different things to roll them in. Hint: toasted coconut.

[7]

8. Vanilla Coconut Cream Candy [8]

Coconut lovers will adore this creamy candy. Don’t use too much sweetener (in this case, raw honey) if you’re planning on eating the entire batch yourself. You’re allowed to with this one.

[8]

9. Pumpkin Nut Butter Cups [9]

Pumpkin meets almond butter who drags in coconut oil who then decided to transform into that lovely dark chocolate you see. If you haven’t yet experienced how wonderful homemade coconut oil chocolate can be and enjoy pumpkin, make this. Make it now.

[9]

10. Chocolate Balsamic Truffles [10]

Yes, vinegar in chocolate. Don’t question it. Don’t frown, don’t say “Ew!” Find your favorite coconut oil, the best dark chocolate you can get your hands on, organic, grass-fed cream, an aged and very rich balsamic vinegar, an open mind, and make these. This showcase of high quality ingredients in silky, dark chocolate truffle form just takes food snobbery to the next level.

[10]

Virgin Coconut Oil:

How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours!

[11]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [11]

[13]

[14]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32567,"by Sayer Ji

GreenMedInfo.com

Two studies published in the past six months reveal a disturbing finding: glyphosate-based herbicides such as Roundup® appear to suppress the growth of beneficial gut bacteria, leading to the overgrowth of extremely pathogenic bacteria.

Late last year, in an article titled Roundup Herbicide Linked to Overgrowth of Deadly Bacteria, we reported on new research indicating that glyphosate-based herbicides such […]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24884,"by Alliance for Natural Health

At issue is the organization’s support of the junk food industry.

Nutrition organizations and health advocates have long criticized the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (the former American Dietetic Association) for its collusion not only with the junk food industry, but with the pharmaceutical and agriculture industries. Now it seems even some Registered Dietitians within the AND/ADA[1] are getting fed up.

Tamar Schriger, an RD from Metuchen, New Jersey, who now lives in Israel, is claiming that AND/ADA is violating its Code of Ethics by participating in an Israeli nutrition conference that lists McDonald’s as a major sponsor. The conference begins next week.

Schriger, a dietitian in private practice, sent a letter to AND/ADA’s president, Sylvia Escott-Stump, who is scheduled to address the conference, asking her and her international affiliate representatives to withdraw their participation.” As of this writing, Escott-Stump has not yet responded to the letter.

According to the organization’s Code of Ethics, an AND/ADA practitioner “promotes or endorses specific goods or products only in a manner that is not false and misleading”—and that, Schriger claims, is exactly where the organization is erring: “The king of junk food should not be sponsoring a conference titled ‘Mediterranean Diet in the Life Cycle.’ It sends the wrong message on several levels.”

Schriger says some of the AND/ADA’s international affiliates replied to her letter and expressed surprise at the McDonald’s sponsorship, noting that some of their own countries have maintained strict guidelines that prohibit companies that produce infant formula, cigarettes, alcohol, and fast foods from sponsoring industry conferences.

Of course, AND/ADA has a long history with junk food, as we have reported previously. The organization receives payments from Coca-Cola, Hershey, Mars, PepsiCo, and others, though the organization won’t say exactly how much they receive from these companies and industry associations. Not only that, AND/ADA’s credentialing arm, the Commission on Dietetic Registration, has offered continuing professional education courses sponsored by Coca-Cola. At the annual AND/ADA conference, both Big Farma and the junk food industry were clearly represented.

Besides McDonald’s, the Israeli Nutrition Week Conference is sponsored by pharmaceutical giants Abbott Laboratories and Novartis, medical equipment companies Baxter International and Teva Medical, and Megapharm, Israel’s leading private biotech company, among others.

At least RD Schriger is taking the Code of Ethics seriously, since it calls for dietetics practitioners to uphold the profession by “reporting perceived violations of the Code through the processes established by ADA and its credentialing agency, CDR.” We admire what she has courageously done.

The AND/ADA has a number of bills pending in state legislatures to create a monopoly on the practice of nutrition, effectively barring Certified Nutrition Specialists and others, many with more advanced degrees in the field, from making a living. If you haven’t done so already, please take action and stop these dangerous bills!

[1] While the organization changed its name from the American Dietetics Association (ADA) to the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics (AND) in January, most people still call it the ADA and don’t yet recognize its new initials, AND. Until the new name “takes root” with people, to avoid confusion we will refer to the organization as AND/ADA.

Read the Full Article and Comment Here: http://www.anh-usa.org/registered-dietitian-accuses-dietetics-association-of-violating-its-own-code-of-ethics/",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43822,"by Brian Shilhavy [1]

Created4Health.org [1]

Listen to my prayer, O God, do not ignore my plea; hear me and answer me. My thoughts trouble me and I am distraught at the voice of the enemy, at the stares of the wicked; for they bring down suffering upon me and revile me in their anger. My heart is in anguish within me; the terrors of death assail me. Fear and trembling have beset me; horror has overwhelmed me. I said, “Oh, that I had the wings of a dove! I would fly away and be at rest—I would flee far away and stay in the desert; I would hurry to my place of shelter, far from the tempest and storm.” (Psalm 55:1-8)

One of the realities of life that our current physical science based medical system has had to admit in recent years is that there are non-physical causes to poor health and disease. One of the few non-physical causes that is widely accepted as a cause of disease is “stress.”

It is quite well known today that the presence of stress in one’s life, and how one deals with that stress, has a direct impact on your health. Unfortunately, the solutions the medical system most often prescribes today for mental and emotional health are expensive drugs with serious side effects. So many people are “stressed out” that anti-depressant drugs have become a growing and prosperous business for pharmaceutical companies.

David, the second Jewish king during the monarchy period, was a man who faced tremendous stress and pressure in his life. Few of us reading this today will have faced the kind of stress and anxiety David experienced during a period of probably more than ten years of his life where he was constantly on the run from his enemies who were trying to kill him. In fact, as he records in this Psalm, it wasn’t just his enemies that caused problems, but also his “friends” and fellow believers:

“If an enemy were insulting me, I could endure it; if a foe were raising himself against me, I could hide from him. But it is you, a man like myself, my companion, my close friend, with whom I once enjoyed sweet fellowship as we walked with the throng at the house of God.” (Psalm 55:12-14)

Notice the signs of stress as recorded in his words in the passage above: “My thoughts trouble me and I am distraught… My heart is in anguish within me; the terrors of death assail me. Fear and trembling have beset me; horror has overwhelmed me.” If David had confessed these kinds of feelings to a physician or psychiatrist today, he would have been prescribed anti-depressant drugs immediately to try and stabilize his emotional condition. He had all the signs of “mental disease” including the temptation to try and escape from all of his problems by running away from them: “Oh, that I had the wings of a dove! I would fly away and be at rest—I would flee far away and stay in the desert; I would hurry to my place of shelter, far from the tempest and storm.” He was unstable, neurotic, and desperate. He would have probably been labeled as “insane” today and been committed to a mental health facility.

But David did not seek out physicians in his anxiety. He appealed to God for help, trusting that God would hear his prayers and change his condition. If you read the Psalms of David which reveal his emotional and mental condition during times of extreme stress, you will notice that David consistently took two approaches to dealing with anxiety and stress, both of which involved prayer and a relationship to his Creator.

1. David prayed to God asking him to intervene in the circumstances of his life that were causing the stress:

Confuse the wicked, O Lord, confound their speech, for I see violence and strife in the city… Let death take my enemies by surprise; let them go down alive to the grave, for evil finds lodging among them. But I call to God, and the LORD saves me. Evening, morning and noon I cry out in distress, and he hears my voice. He ransoms me unharmed from the battle waged against me, even though many oppose me. God, who is enthroned forever, will hear them and afflict them— men who never change their ways and have no fear of God. (Psalm 55:9-19)

As strong and powerful as David was, in many circumstances he was powerless against his enemies and the rulers of his day. But he knew first hand that God was not powerless, and so he appealed to God to intervene.

2. David cast all of his worries and cares unto God, trusting in him to take care of them all, and to sustain him with strength to endure everything.

Cast your cares on the LORD and he will sustain you; he will never let the righteous fall. (Psalm 55:22)

These two methods of using prayer to deal with stress are even more available to us today, in the age of the New Covenant which was instituted by the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ. The believers in the early church were often arrested and persecuted, suffering tremendous stress. The same two principles were used to deal with anxiety and stress.

Principle 1. Pray for God to intervene in the stressful situation. Here is an example of what was prayed after the believers were arrested and released for preaching about Jesus and miraculously healing a man (they didn’t follow the prescribed protocol for healthcare of their day!):

On their release, Peter and John went back to their own people and reported all that the chief priests and elders had said to them. When they heard this, they raised their voices together in prayer to God. “Sovereign Lord,” they said, “you made the heaven and the earth and the sea, and everything in them. You spoke by the Holy Spirit through the mouth of your servant, our father David: “‘Why do the nations rage and the peoples plot in vain? The kings of the earth take their stand and the rulers gather together against the Lord and against his Anointed One.’ Indeed Herod and Pontius Pilate met together with the Gentiles and the people of Israel in this city to conspire against your holy servant Jesus, whom you anointed. They did what your power and will had decided beforehand should happen. Now, Lord, consider their threats and enable your servants to speak your word with great boldness. Stretch out your hand to heal and perform miraculous signs and wonders through the name of your holy servant Jesus.” After they prayed, the place where they were meeting was shaken. And they were all filled with the Holy Spirit and spoke the word of God boldly. (Act 4:23-31)

Principle 2. Cast all our anxieties and care on God, trusting him to take care of all our problems and to sustain us with his strength:

Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:6-7 – prescription for mental health) Cast all your anxiety on him because he cares for you. Be self-controlled and alert. Your enemy the devil prowls around like a roaring lion looking for someone to devour. Resist him, standing firm in the faith, because you know that your brothers throughout the world are undergoing the same kind of sufferings. And the God of all grace, who called you to his eternal glory in Christ, after you have suffered a little while, will himself restore you and make you strong, firm and steadfast. To him be the power for ever and ever. Amen. (1Peter 5:7-11)

These are the two biblical principles of dealing with anxiety and stress, and they are the guiding principles for mental health. No drugs are needed. It requires a relationship with God [2] through Jesus, however, and not just an intellectual knowledge about him. So the first step is the spiritual rebirth [3].

How do you deal with anxiety and stress? The two principles written about here are time-tested principles that have been used for thousands of years, long before modern-day pharmaceuticals came into the market place with our current medical system. They are backed by a guarantee from the Creator himself, the one who formed and fashioned you while still in your mother’s womb. Best of all, they are free!

He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, so that we might die to sins and live for righteousness; by his wounds you have been healed. For you were like sheep going astray, but now you have returned to the Shepherd and Overseer of your souls. (1Peter 2:24-25) For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord. (Romans 6:23)

Prescription for drug-free mental health:

Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:6-7)

Related Articles:

Dealing with Despair [4]

Medicine: Idolatry in the Twenty First Century [5]

[6]

Free Shipping Available [6]!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24262,"Allan Smith, a New Zealand Dairy farmer, contracted Swine Flu while away on vacation in Fiji. When he returned home, the flu quickly evolved into severe pneumonia which left him in a coma on life support in the Intensive Care Unit. Chest x-rays showed the lungs were completely filled with fluid with an ""opaque"" appearance called ""white out"". After three weeks, Allan's doctors asked the family permission to turn off the machines and let him die. The family stepped in and suggested a high dose IV vitamin C on Allan. At first, the doctors resisted, saying it was useless. However, one doctor felt ""slightly uneasy"" with the decision to turn off life support, without first acceding to the family's wishes, and so they reluctantly agreed to give the IV vitamin C. Their plan was to give the IV vitamin C, show it was useless, and then turn off life support. That day, Allan Smith was given 25 grams of IV vitamin C in the evening and another 25 grams in the morning. The next day, a CAT scan of the lungs showed improving air flow and a few days later the chest x-rays showed the lungs were no longer white, indicating air movement. The improvement was dramatic, clear and plain for all to see. However, the doctors denied it was the vitamin C, and instead, attributed the improvement to ""turning patient into a prone position"".",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32631,"[1]

Food Democracy Now! [1]

Last year a Canadian study discovered that insecticide toxins from genetically engineered (GMO) crops were found in the blood of 93% of blood samples taken from pregnant women and 80% umbilical cords tested. Monsanto has maintained that these toxins in their crops would never affect the food supply or affect humans, but can we trust them? For the past 20 years, Americans have been denied the basic right to know what’s in our food, despite the fact that nearly 50 countries around the world already require labeling of genetically engineered food.

Unlike America, countries such as Russia and China label GMOs, allowing their citizens the fundamental right to know what they’re eating! Why not the U.S.? Because giant biotech and seed companies like Monsanto have written the rules for our governmental regulatory agencies and paid billions in lobbying, PR and campaign donations over the past two decades.

Right now we have one day left to tell President Obama and the FDA that it’s time to label genetically engineered foods on a legal petition filed with the FDA by the Just Label It coalition. March 27 is the deadline to make comment, please add your voice today by clicking here [1]!",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
43788,"Health Impact News Editor Comments: We have previously reported here at Health Impact News how the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics, formerly the American Dietetic Association (AND/ADA), has tried to create a monopoly on food and nutrition information, restricting free speech by those who disagree with them. The Alliance for Natural Health has reported on this (See: Dietetics Board Wants to Limit Free Speech and Your Choices for Independent Nutrition Information). Michael Ellsberg has also written about this on Forbes (See: Exclusive Leaked Documents: American Dietetic Association is Intentionally Using State Legislatures to Block Alternative Nutrition Providers and Restrict Free Speech).

Attorney and food rights activist Michele Simon has just completed a new report, available free online, titled: And Now a Word from Our Sponsors: New Report from Eat Drink Politics.

From AppetiteForProfit.com:

Public health attorney and author Michele Simon asks: Are America’s nutrition professionals in the pocket of Big Food? While the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics’ 74,000-member trade group partners with the likes of Coke and Hershey’s, the nation’s health continues to suffer from poor diet.

The largest trade group of nutrition professionals—the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics—has a serious credibility problem. In a damning report released today, industry watchdog Eat Drink Politics examines the various forms of corporate sponsorship by Big Food that are undermining the integrity of those professionals most responsible for educating Americans about healthy eating.

The report details, for example, how registered dietitians can earn continuing education units from Coca-Cola, in which they learn that sugar is not a problem for children and how Nestlé, the world’s largest food company can pay $$50,000 to host a two-hour “nutrition symposium” at the Academy’s annual meeting. Additional disturbing findings from the report include:

Beginning in 2001, the Academy listed 10 food industry sponsors; the 2011 annual report lists 38, a more than three-fold increase;

Companies on the Academy’s list of approved continuing education providers include Coca-Cola, Kraft Foods, Nestlé, and PepsiCo;

At the 2012 annual meeting, 18 organizations – less than five percent of all exhibitors – captured 25 percent of the total exhibitor space. Only two out of the 18 represented whole, non-processed foods;

The Corn Refiners Association (lobbyists for high fructose corn syrup) sponsored three “expo impact” sessions at the 2012 annual meeting;

A majority of registered dietitians surveyed found three current Academy sponsors “unacceptable” (Coca-Cola, Mars, and PepsiCo);

80 percent of registered dietitians said sponsorship implies Academy endorsement of that company and their products;

The Academy has not supported controversial nutrition policies that might upset corporate sponsors, such as limits on soft drink sizes, soda taxes, or GMO labels;

Sponsors and their activities appear to violate the Academy’s own sponsorship guidelines.

Among the report’s recommendations are for the Academy to: 1) provide greater transparency on corporate funding sources; 2) gather input from all members on corporate sponsorship; 3) reject all corporate-sponsored education; and 4) provide better leadership on controversial nutrition policy issues. Registered dietitian and Academy member Andy Bellatti, who has long criticized his professional group’s conflicted corporate sponsorships said:

Michele Simon’s report on the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics is thoroughly researched and expertly points out the different ways in which the nation’s leading nutrition organization harms its reputation, efficacy, and members by forming partnerships with food companies that care more about selling products than they do about improving the health of Americans. Anyone concerned about public health will realize that the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics is in dire need of systemic change if it hopes to take a leadership role and be taken seriously as the home base of the nation’s nutrition experts.

Report links:

Contact: Michele Simon at (510) 465-0322 or Michele@EatDrinkPolitics.com",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47116,"by Shannon Stonger

Health Impact News

There are a plethora of reasons to avoid commercial deodorants. With aluminum, toxic chemical fragrances, and parabens; they are a perfect storm. On top of that, the underarms are a very sensitive area to apply toxins to with lymph nodes nearby.

In order to keep this area, and the rest of the body, free from such toxins, it’s a good idea to make your own deodorant. These won’t stop you from sweating, but they can aid in keeping odors to a minimum. This is especially true when the deodorant uses anti-bacterial ingredients such as virgin coconut oil.

Virgin coconut oil has been used by many, all by itself, as a natural deodorant. It can simply be rubbed under the arms in liquid form or melted in the hand and then applied. It can also be mixed with essential oils to form a solid, scented, natural solution to underarm odor.

This works well in cooler climates where coconut oil stays solid and it can roll on or be applied with the fingers with little mess. But if you live in a warmer climate where coconut oil is often liquid at room temperature, this can be messy or less than desirable.

Deodorant Ingredients and Their Functions

While coconut oil can be used all on its own as a deodorant, other ingredients can be used with complementary properties to create a deodorant with numerous deodorizing properties. These ingredients and their functions include:

Coconut Oil – Antibacterial, antifungal, carrier oil for essential oils and powders.

Starch – Absorbs moisture, aids in roll-on texture.

Baking Soda – Absorbs moisture, deodorizes.

Beeswax – Emulsifies the ingredients, prevents coconut oil from melting.

Essential Oils – Primarily antibacterial properties, secondarily adds desired scent.

The beeswax is the ingredient in this recipe that sets it apart from many others. It is this essential ingredient that takes liquid coconut oil and turns it into a smooth salve-like consistency – even in the warmest of temperatures. The process is incredibly simple, not unlike the herbal coconut oil salve.

There is, however, a critical time in which the essential oils, starch, and baking soda must be mixed in quickly before the beeswax solidifies. But don’t panic; the mixture can be put back over the double boiler to soften the wax once more and mix in the remaining ingredients.

Warm Weather Coconut Oil Deodorant Recipe

Ingredients

1/4 cup virgin coconut oil

2 Tablespoons beeswax pastilles

1/4 cup cornstarch or a similar starch like tapioca or arrowroot

1/4 cup baking soda

15 drops tea tree essential oil (or other strong anti-bacterial oil such as rosemary)

5-10 drops other essential oil for scent (lavender, lemon, frankincense, if desired)

Directions

Ready the cornstarch, baking soda, and essential oils and set aside on a work surface. Have available an empty deodorant container or a 4-8 ounce glass jar. Place a heat-proof bowl over a simmering pot of water as in a double-boiler. Add the coconut oil and allow to melt. Stir in the beeswax pastilles and stir from time to time until the beeswax has melted into the coconut oil. Carefully remove the bowl from the simmering pot of water and turn off the heat. Working quickly, add your starch and baking soda to the melted coconut oil-beeswax mixture and whisk until a paste begins to form and the clumps are dissolved. Add the essential oils and mix to combine. Quickly pour this into your waiting deodorant container or jar. Scrape the residual mixture from the bowl using a plastic spatula. Set aside and allow to cool before capping. To use: If utilizing an old deodorant container, simply roll on as you would a commercial deodorant. If utilizing a jar, scoop just enough out with the tips of your fingers and apply as needed.

About the Author

Shannon grew up in a small town in northern Minnesota. She studied chemistry in college, graduated, and married her husband one month later. They were then blessed with two baby boys within the first four years of marriage. Having babies gave their family a desire to return to the old paths – to nourish their family with traditional, homegrown foods; rid their home of toxic chemicals and petroleum products; and give their boys a chance to know a simple, sustainable way of life. They are currently building a homestead from scratch on two little acres in central Texas. There’s a lot to be done to become somewhat self-sufficient, but they are debt-free and get to spend their days living this simple, good life together with their four young children.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32547,"Productive Property vs. the Lawn Police

by Karen De Coster

It’s amazing to see the number of individuals who are being persecuted for using their own property for productive purposes. This house and garden in Florida violated an “appearance code.” Appearance is always subjective, that is, until the government perverts definitions to enforce its arbitrary laws.

Individuals who defy the crazed American Lawn Worship Culture and instead plant useful, organic gardens are the new outlaws. Here’s a case from earlier this year, in a suburb near where I live, where a woman was treated like a criminal for growing contraband in her front yard: tomatoes, zucchinis, and peppers. Here’s how the lawn became a garden:

Bass got the idea to plant a garden in front yard after it was torn up over a busted sewage pipe. “There were piles of dirt outside and we knew we had to do something,” Bass said. “We looked into putting in sod but it was shockingly expensive, so we starting looking into other books to do something a little more cost effective. We found pictures in a bunch of different library books of garden beds. It was perfect and we had a blank canvas.”

City ordinances usually require plantings in the front yard to be “suitable plant material.” Suitable according to a strange culture that worships chintzy, worthless lawns in place of innovative productive land use.

A neighbor on my street has a front yard that looks like a trash can flew over the house and emptied on the lawn – the whole square is littered with stupid plastic trinkets, dumb decorations, plexiglass, broken fencing, and unmaintained plantings. It’s a looks like a trailer park dumping ground, and yet, it is all perfectly legal and city approved. The cars up on blocks are okay, as well as the front yard-turned-patio-bricks for the purposes of parking the family rust bucket on wheels. Yet a garden in my front yard – and I’d love to have one – would bring me citations and the threat of handcuffs.

In Massachusetts, these criminals were forced to disassemble their ingenious tomato garden. Here is an interesting quote from the article.

That, says Emily Broad Lieb, director of the Harvard Food Law and Policy Clinic, is a problem caused in part by “age-old zoning rules” bumping into people’s desire to grow their own food. “It’s such a human thing,” she says. “It’s not like they’re building a space shuttle on their front lawn.” She sees the Newton case as a microcosm of a problem that is popping up more and more, from battles over rooftop and urban gardens to bureaucracy surrounding farmers markets. Modern laws often jettison agriculture and food production to backyards and far-flung rural areas, she says. But with individuals and communities now interested in taking back some or all of their food production, “people are starting to realize that we have to change the rules.”

This is not a uniquely American stupidity – Canada is also turning gardeners into lawbreakers. This beautiful garden in Quebec was also targeted by local totalitarians.

Read the Full Article and Comment Here: http://karendecoster.com/productive-property-vs-the-lawn-police.html

See Also:",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17399,"Sadly, more and more young men like Mr. Elliott are finding themselves facing life sentences for accusations of Shaken Baby Syndrome. Mr. Elliott told Health Impact News that on his wing, there are a total of twelve other prisoners, all claiming that they were imprisoned for SBS after their child suffered a possible vaccine injury.

by Christina England

Health Impact News

Two years ago, I wrote about the case of a young girl in the U.K. who died after receiving an MMR vaccine which was believed to have caused her to suffer from an autoimmune disease. At the time, her care-giver Mr. Darryl Elliott had been sentenced to life in prison for her murder.

When I wrote the story I was unable to publish the child’s real name for legal reasons and had few details about the case. I am now able to write an update and have been given permission to use the little girl’s real name (as it has been named in other media sources like the BBC.)

Parents and care-givers worldwide are being falsely accused of harming and killing children due to a charge of “Shaken Baby Syndrome” (SBS), and often this is occurring shortly after receiving vaccinations. It has been admitted by medical professionals that adverse reactions to vaccines can occur in some children and these are listed in the package inserts produced by the vaccine manufacturers.

Unfortunately, an alarming number of medical and law enforcement professionals are quick to accuse care-givers of shaking their infants so hard that they have caused them to suffer from (SBS), defined by a triad of serious brain injuries that can also be attributed to vaccine adverse reactions.

Medical professionals are quick to dismiss adverse reactions to recently administered vaccinations, or never consider them to begin with, while parents and care-givers are automatically assumed to be guilty of horrendous abuse, including the murder of young children. However, if these children have been shaken so violently that it has caused them to suffer extensive brain injuries, then why have so many suffered no external injuries as a result of their assault?

We need to ask ourselves whether just shaking alone can cause these injuries or if there are alternative explanations as to why these injuries occur.

A Young Man Faces Life Behind Bars

In June 2015, I visited Darryl Elliott, a 33 year-old man serving a life sentence for allegedly committing Shaken Baby Syndrome.

The prison was, as one would expect, a maximum security facility, surrounded by high security fences and gates en-mass, many of which were guarded by well-trained sniffer dogs and security guards. In other words, it was just the sort of place you would expect a child murderer to be. Except for one important thing, according to the evidence supplied by a variety of leading experts, including Dr. Michael Innis and Consultant Histopathologist Dr. Marta Cohen, Mr. Elliott is innocent.

So, what went wrong?

Brief Synopsis of Darryl’s Story

Amelia Bowmar was a healthy, happy, mischievous toddler until she received her MMR vaccination in May 2012. Within days, her care-giver, Mr. Elliott, noticed a lump on the back of Amelia’s head. The lump was obviously causing the little girl some discomfort, so when her mother (who wishes to remain anonymous) returned home from work, they took her to the local hospital.

When asked how she was injured, Mr. Elliott was unable to account for the lump but thought that the family’s puppy may have knocked over Amelia. Later, it appeared that the injury might have occurred when she had banged her head on a coffee table whilst being changed at her grandma’s house.

‘Blame the Parent’ Theory

While Amelia was in hospital, the doctor noticed that she had a small bruise on the back of her calf and the doctor contacted social services because he believed that the bruise was a human bite mark. Social services decided to place the couple’s two children in the care of their grandparents pending further investigation.

After a full investigation, the allegation that she had been bitten was unproven and social services returned both of the children.

However, everything suddenly changed two months later, when after being “off colour” all day, Amelia began vomiting.

Mr. Elliott informed Health Impact News that to make Amelia more comfortable, he had decided to bathe her, as he lifted her out of the bath, she slipped and banged her head, swallowing some water before bringing it back up. After drying and comforting Amelia, he checked her over and noticed no signs of head trauma.

However, around twenty minutes later everything changed, he said:

Around 20 minutes later I left her on a sofa (40cm) left the room briefly to fetch her a drink and returned to find her on the floor facing the ceiling. I picked her up and she curled into a c shape position. I turned her round to face me, tipped her head forward where I saw her eyes rolling to the back of her head and she looked like she gasping for air. I panicked and shook her about 6 times then called 999.

Sadly, Amelia never regained consciousness and later died in hospital of what medical professionals diagnosed as severe head trauma and pneumonia. Amelia was said to have suffered no back or neck injuries and reports do not identify that she suffered from any external injury whatsoever. Despite this fact, however, Mr. Elliott was accused of shaking the little girl so hard that he caused her brain to bleed and swell and was later charged with her murder.

(Mrs. Peel, Darryl’s mother, informed Health Impact News that the diagnosis of Shaken Baby Syndrome was not mentioned until after Darryl was arrested.)

Sentenced to Life in Prison

At his trial, Mr. Elliott was found guilty of murder and sentenced to life in prison.

However, according to Mr. Elliott’s mother, Liz Peel, her son’s lawyer prevented any expert witnesses from giving evidence in support of her son, including Dr. Marta Cohen, a Consultant Histopathologist at the Sheffield Children’s NHS Foundation Trust and a leading expert in SBS cases.

This was extremely odd, as Dr. Cohen is famous for being outspoken in her testimonies and believes that the triad of injuries can also be caused by a traumatic birth, short falls and breathing difficulties. So, why did Mr. Elliott’s own lawyer prevent Dr. Cohen’s evidence from being heard?

According to Mrs. Peel, the lawyer has since told her son that Dr. Cohen’s evidence was outdated.

However, was her evidence outdated, or could it have been because Dr. Cohen had previously been restricted from giving evidence in SBS cases because of her so-called outspokenness? Dr. Cohen’s evidence was not the only evidence that was allegedly prevented from being heard at Mr. Elliott’s trial. The papers that I had offered as alternative evidence were also deemed as unsuitable. According to Mrs. Peel, her son’s lawyers had told her son at the time that “all of the doctors had been discredited.”

As I had offered the defense team a selection of powerful scientific papers from leading SBS professionals from around the world, we need to ask ourselves why Mr. Elliott’s lawyers had informed his client that these professionals had been discredited when I have found no evidence to support this.

If this were not bad enough, Mr. Elliott was also prevented from taking the stand in his own defense. According to Mr. Elliott, this was because his lawyer had advised him not to give evidence, saying that if he didn’t give evidence, he was more likely to be found guilty of manslaughter than if he took the stand, because “cases are not won on the stand but they can be lost there.”

In fact, it appears that Mr. Elliott’s so-called defense team, were so keen on locking their client up, that a week before the trial was due to begin; they allegedly offered him a plea bargain! According to Mrs. Peel, the lawyer informed her son that if he pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter, he would more than likely get 6-8 years in prison and could be free in as little as three if he kept his head down.

Mrs. Peel told Health Impact News:

I don’t know why they blocked everything we told them but I do know that it has cost my son his freedom. I also wasn’t allowed in court until it was time to give evidence and by then all the medical evidence was over.

This is all extremely suspicious to the family, and they cannot help but question the lawyer’s true motives.

Were Vaccines Responsible for the Death of Amelia?

It is possible that Mr. Elliott did shake the little girl in a fit of rage; after all he did admit to shaking her about six times before dialling 999. However, the light shaking of an unresponsive child is often reported by parents in cases such as this and should not automatically be classed as evidence of foul play.

Former Sergeant Christopher Savage of the Queensland police explains this in detail in an interview on VacTruth in 2012. He said:

Parents become subjects of the investigation regardless … in other words, police are looking for evidence of wrongdoing by anyone living in the house where a person dies, and of course, this includes babies. In the case of babies, police are told to seize clothing, medication and bedding for forensic analysis. The shaken baby accusation may come if a parent recalls to police that they picked up [the dead baby] and shook the baby … or the autopsy finds physical signs such as bruising, broken ribs and the swollen or inflamed cerebral cortex. The problem I have with the above scenario is that, in my experience, many parents who find their baby unresponsive, limp and lifeless, pick the infant up and give them a gentle shake to try to revive them. Parents may also be wrongly accused of shaking their baby to death if they inadvertently use the word ‘shake’ when they actually mean to say ‘bounce’ or ‘pat.’

In other words, parents are accused before all other scenarios are considered.

Other Possible Causes of Death Never Fully Examined

Amelia may have been suffering from an underlying illness or autoimmune disease, but she had not been tested. It is possible that small amounts of water entered Amelia’s lungs when she slipped in the bath, causing the pneumonia that was listed on the autopsy report as a cause of death and she may have suffered a fatal short fall injury after she fell from the sofa. (Please read Shaken Baby Syndrome and Fatal Short Fall Injuries.)

These are all possible causes that should have been fully examined, however, according to Mrs. Peel, no alternative cause for Amelia’s death was examined in court.

Was the MMR Vaccine to Blame?

There is one other possible underlying factor that I have not discussed, and that is the MMR vaccine that Amelia had received just a few months earlier.

Dr. Scheibner has been studying the link between vaccination and Shaken Baby Syndrome for many years. She believes that parents worldwide are being falsely accused of shaking their children following a post-vaccination injury.

In her paper, Shaken Baby Syndrome – The Vaccination Link, in which she cites numerous studies linking vaccinations to brain injuries, she stated that:

Bruising and easy bleeding is one of the characteristic signs of the blood clotting disorder, thrombo-cytopenia – a recognized side-effect of many vaccines. Its first signs are easy bruising and bleeding and petechial (spot-like) rash. Thrombo-cytopenia may result in brain and other hemorrhages (Woerner et al., 198112). Bulging fontanelle due to brain swelling was described by Jacob and Mannino (1979)11 as a direct reaction to the DPT vaccine. They described a case of a seven-month-old baby who, nine hours after the third DPT vaccination, developed a bulging anterior fontanelle and became febrile and irritable.

Knowing this information, we must ask ourselves whether it is possible that Amelia was not murdered by her care-giver as suggested by over-zealous and under-informed medical staff, but had instead suffered a fatal adverse reaction to the MMR vaccination.

Brain injuries, including encephalitis and convulsions, have been linked to the MMR vaccine for many years.

The CDC Admits the MMR Vaccine Can Cause Seizures

The US Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) website states:

Moderate Problems Seizure (jerking or staring) caused by fever (about 1 out of 3,000 doses)

Temporary pain and stiffness in the joints, mostly in teenage or adult women (up to 1 out of 4)

Temporary low platelet count, which can cause a bleeding disorder (about 1 out of 30,000 doses) Severe Problems (Very Rare) Serious allergic reaction (less than 1 out of a million doses)

Several other severe problems have been reported after a child gets MMR vaccine, including: Deafness Long-term seizures, coma, or lowered consciousness Permanent brain damage



Is it possible that Amelia’s bleeds to the brain were caused by a temporary low platelet count, causing her to bleed internally?

This was listed by the CDC as one of the “moderate problems” caused by the MMR vaccination.

As expected, the CDC used a “get out of jail free card” at the end of the adverse reactions section, stating:

“These are so rare that it is hard to tell whether they are caused by the vaccine.”

More Evidence Sheds New Light on this Case

Dr. Michael Innis has since written several reports on Mr. Elliot’s case. In one of these reports that he and the family are happy for me to share as part of this article, he wrote:

Their preoccupation with the Shaken Baby Syndrome hypothesis also ignored the elevation of the level of Glucose in the blood and the presence of Glucose in the urine of Amelia. Both these features are manifestations of an autoimmune response to antigenic stimulation as I have explained. In this case it was the vaccines given to Amelia a few days prior to her falling ill which initiated the process. Vaccines caused the problem and Darryl Elliott was blamed. There is a simple solution to this problem- a “skin prick test” before administering the vaccine to determine vaccine sensitivity in the child. The test, though not 100% specific, should be compulsory.

Should this perspective by Dr. Innis be considered by medical professionals around the world, as this simple test could potentially save the lives of thousands of children worldwide?

For further evidence of the type of injuries that Amelia suffered as result of the vaccinations, Dr. Innis has written the following papers: Autoimmune Tissue Scurvy Misdiagnosed as Child Abuse and Tissue scurvy misdiagnosed as shaken baby syndrome homicide.

Are False Convictions in Shaken Baby Syndrome Cases Becoming Common?

Sadly, more and more young men like Mr. Elliott are finding themselves facing life sentences for accusations of Shaken Baby Syndrome. Mr. Elliott told Health Impact News that on his wing, there are a total of twelve other prisoners, all imprisoned for SBS after their child suffered a possible vaccine injury.

This is the same story told to me by prisoners from a variety of prisons worldwide.

Mr. Elliott states that he will never stop fighting to clear his name and his hard work and determination may have paid off.

After the many reports and letters that Dr. Innis has written to the UK Parliament, the Attorney General and the General Medical Council, plus the continuous belief of his mother and her persistence in gaining more evidence of reports from experts worldwide, Mr. Elliott’s case is being reviewed by the UK Innocence Project. This action could result in an appeal in the very near future.

Sadly, due to Mr. Elliott’s continuing situation, he and his mother have been banned by his former girlfriend from seeing his two birth children, causing them great sadness. Mr. Elliott recently went to court to request the right to have his children visit him. However, the hearing was cancelled due to a video link breaking down and had to be rescheduled.

The entire legal process of prosecuting parents for shaking their young children needs to be seriously questioned and revised. Not all parents are guilty of child abuse simply based on the physical evidence upon examining the child by a doctor. The merit of each case should be examined in full before a parent is blamed for murder.

Comment on this article on VaccineImpact.com

See Also:

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
47190,"by Brian Shilhavy

Health Impact News Editor

A study out of Malaysia shows that virgin coconut oil may function better than commercial “artificial tears” products in rewetting dry eyes. The title of the study is A Pilot Study: The Efficacy of Virgin Coconut Oil as Ocular Rewetting Agent on Rabbit Eyes and was published in the journal Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine, February, 2015.

Some excerpts from the study:

Dry eye is multifactorial disease of the tears and ocular surface that results in symptoms of discomfort, visual disturbance, and tear film instability with potential damage to the ocular surface. It is accompanied by an increased osmolality of the tear film and inflammation of the ocular surface.

Tear volume is essential for many functions in maintaining the overall ocular health hence giving clarity vision. Dryness of the eye will have a major impact on the ocular health and visual clarity especially in contact lens wearers.

Among all the therapeutic options for dry eye disease, artificial tears are still the mainstay in the initial management of a dry eye patient. Due to the complex nature of the tear film, it is difficult to design an artificial tear solution that is identical to human tears. However, many artificial tear brands have been tried to improve their quality by altering the composition, viscosity, and/or osmolarity of the solution. Though many of these rewetting drops are available over the counter, many were known to cause only temporary relief from signs and symptoms or may not even be an effective treatment and some of these rewetting agents have not been tested for its efficacy scientifically.

A study in the literature showed the liposomal spray which was applied to the closed eye had increased the thickness of the lipid layer and improved tear film stability significantly. This brought an idea of usage of oil able to act as supplement for the tear film.

Virgin coconut oil (VCO) is obtained from the fresh, mature kernel of the coconut. VCO is emerging functional food oils due to its ability to possess several biological activities such as antiviral and antimicrobial. Current findings revealed that virgin coconut oil (VCO) has been used extensively as supplement in many medical treatments. These benefits of coconut oil can be attributed to the presence of lauric acid, capric acid, and caprylic acid, and its properties such as antimicrobial, antioxidant, antifungal, antibacterial, and soothing. In addition, virgin coconut oil is also composed mainly of medium-chain triglycerides, which may not carry the same risks as other saturated fats.

A new horizon in discovery of the benefits of VCO has been emphasized in most systemic diseases either in curing or in treating at the same time. But none has been explored on its effects on ocular health. The possibility of using VCO as one of the remedies for dry eyes should be looked into for its efficacy and effects on short and long term basis.

In this study, three rewetting agents will be used: virgin coconut oil (VCO) which is oil-based tears, Tears Naturale II which is readily available commercially which contains HMC (hydroxymethylcelluose), and saline for control. The general aim of this pilot study is to evaluate the efficacy and safety of VCO as ocular rewetting agent on rabbit eyes.

Conclusions

In comparison with Tears Naturale II and saline, VCO which acts as a rewetting agent did not cause any significant difference in NIBUT, corneal staining pattern, anterior segment, Schirmer Test and pH in 30 min, 60 min, and 2 weeks after instillation. VCO is not merely a composition of fatty acids but it also acts as a protective layer over the tear film layers from evaporation. VCO with its anti-inflammatory properties might be useful for those with dry eyes problem. However, further investigation should be done to determine its efficacy for dry eyes therapy. In conclusion, it has been shown that VCO did not cause harmful effects when used on rabbits’ eyes. This finding suggests that VCO are safe to be used on human’s eyes. Thus, future research on human needs to be conducted to study the efficacy of VCO as rewetting agent on dry eye patient. The beneficial effect of VCO is most likely attributed to its anti-inflammatory properties, which is similar to those of natural tears.

Read the full study free online here [1].

Comment on this article at CoconutOil.com [2].

Reference

A Pilot Study: The Efficacy of Virgin Coconut Oil as Ocular Rewetting Agent on Rabbit Eyes – Haliza Abdul Mutalib, Sharanjeet Kaur, Ahmad Rohi Ghazali, Ng Chinn Hooi, and Nor Hasanah Safie – Evid Based Complement Alternat Med. Published online 2015 Feb 23.

About the author: Unlike many people who write about coconut oil by simply reading about it, Brian Shilhavy actually lived in a coconut producing area of the Philippines for several years with his family, observing firsthand the differences between the diet and health of the younger generation and those of his wife’s parents’ generation still consuming a traditional diet. This led to years of studying Philippine nutrition and dietary patterns first hand while living in a rural farming community in the Philippines. Brian is the author of the best-selling book: Virgin Coconut Oil: How it has changed people’s lives and how it can change yours! [3]

[3]

Includes 85 recipes – Free shipping available! [3]

Read the Virgin Coconut Oil Book on Your Mobile Device!

[4]

[6]

[7]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
17325,"by Dr. Mercola

Omega-3 fats were shown several years ago to prevent retinopathy, a major form of blindness. A follow-up study reveals exactly how omega-3’s provide this protection.

Retinopathy is an eye disease caused by leaky blood vessels in the retina. Omega-3 fats are highly concentrated in the retina, where they have a direct effect on blood vessel growth (angiogenesis) that selectively promotes the growth of healthy blood vessels and inhibits abnormal ones.

Science Daily reports:

“[The researchers] isolated the specific compound from omega-3 fatty acids that has these beneficial effects in mice (a metabolite of the omega-3 fatty acid DHA, known as 4-HDHA), and the enzyme that produces it (5-lipoxygenase, or 5-LOX).”

Sources:

Science Daily February 9, 2011

Read the Full Article Here: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/vitalvotes/archive/2011/02/21/how-omega3-fats-prevent-blindness.aspx

Copyright Dr. Joseph Mercola, 2011. All Rights Reserved.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24480,"by Alliance for Natural Health

The number of children on Medicaid taking antipsychotic drugs has tripled in just ten years—and shockingly, many of them are under the age of three.

Note that these are not just antidepressants, which are bad enough. We are talking about strong antipsychotic drugs. These are so strong that many adults stop taking them because of severe side effects. How can a three-year-old protect himself or herself from the toxic effects of these drugs on their undeveloped brains and bodies?

The US Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is launching an investigation into the over-prescription of antipsychotics to children on Medicaid, and has already asked all fifty states to provide more oversight of these prescriptions. Medicaid more than doubled the amount it spent on antipsychotic drugs between 1999 and 2008 (the last year for which data is available), and now spends $$3.8 billion on antipsychotics, more than any other class of drugs.

In 2004, a child on Medicaid was four times more likely to be on antipsychotics than a child with private insurance. And it’s not just the older kids: of the 600,000 minors in the Medicaid program who were on antipsychotics in 2008, more than half were under the age of 14.

So far, the HHS probe has found that 482 children under the age of three were prescribed antipsychotics, and 107 children under the age of two. Six were under a year old, and one was an infant just one month old. This is almost unbelievable. Are we still living in the dark ages that we would do this to a newborn?

Disturbing as this is, a spokeswoman for the Texas Health and Human Services Commission defended the prescriptions, saying, “For infants, the drugs aren’t being used for behavior. The infants most often have seizures or complex health issues like heart and respiratory problems, and these drugs can be prescribed to help with discomfort.”

Did she say “discomfort?” Keep in mind that common side effects for one common psychiatric medication include a shuffling walk, drooling, rapid weight gain, and the inability to speak. Stopping the antipsychotics often involves a wrenching withdrawal period of nausea, vomiting, insomnia, tremors, dizziness, and even hallucinations. It’s a terrifying list even for an adult, and even more so for the very young children being given these drugs. Over-prescription of these powerful drugs is a lose-lose situation for both taxpayers and the children who take them.

The antipsychotics used today are known as second and third generation antipsychotics, and have names such as Abilify (which is the nation’s top-selling prescription drug), Risperdal, Seroquel, and Zyprexa. They replaced drugs such as Haldol and Thorazine, the first generation antipsychotics. Antipsychotics were originally developed to treat psychoses such as schizophrenia, but some now have FDA approval for the treatment of children with bipolar disorder, as well as irritability associated with autism. However, antipsychotics were never actually tested on children, and were never intended for long-term use, even in adults.

We reported two years ago about the excessive number of kids in foster homes taking antipsychotics. Because of the huge number of people on government assistance who are on these drugs, 70% of the total spent for antipsychotics in the US is paid by the US government—that is, taxpayers. This is nothing less than crony capitalism in action: pharmaceutical companies donate heavily to political campaigns, and legislators pass laws that compensate them in spades for the amount donated. Those who pay the real price are the poor and powerless.

Assessing any drug is difficult, since trials with negative results are often buried and the trial simply repeated. One study showed that roughly half of all drug trials for antidepressants had positive results, and half did not. However, 97% of the positive results were published in peer-reviewed journals, while only 8% of the negative studies were! A doctor reviewing clinical journals could easily come to the conclusion that antidepressants are much more effective than they are.

In 2012, a judge in Arkansas ordered Johnson & Johnson and a subsidiary, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, to pay more than $$1.2 billion in fines for minimizing the dangers associated with the antipsychotic Risperdal. Texas settled a case with Janssen for $$158 million and a South Carolina judge fined them $$327 million. A Louisiana jury awarded $$258 million in damages. And they are now being sued by Kentucky for concealing the harmful side effects of Risperdal, which include stroke, diabetes, and weight gain.

If not antipsychotics, what do these kids need? An integrative physician who deals with either physical or psychiatric disorders should, of course, be your first and best resource. And it should go without saying that all children need a secure, loving home, nutritious meals, regular exercise, and protection from abuse and other dangers. Importantly, that also means protection from abuse by the medical system.

In addition, children at risk for psychiatric problems are good candidates for a program of omega-3 fatty acids: a study in the Archives of General Psychiatry found that fish oil supplements beat mental illness. The study involved eighty-one people deemed to be at high risk for psychosis. The randomized, placebo-controlled study provided fish oil supplements to half the study subjects for twelve weeks; the other half received placebos. Eleven people in the placebo group developed a psychotic disorder, but only two in the fish oil group did.

But love, nutrition, exercise, security, and fish oil cannot be patented, eliminating the profit incentive to supply them. By contrast, with Medicaid laying out $$3.8 billion per year on antipsychotics for children, the motivation to try to control a troubled child with a pill is evidently quite strong.

Read the full article here: http://www.anh-usa.org/medicaid-psychiatric-drugs/

The Emperor’s New Drugs

Exploding the Antidepressant Myth

by Irving Kirsch Ph.D.

Free Shipping Available!

More Info



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32697,"[1]

by Brian Shilhavy

Editor, Health Impact News

Where do licensed physicians who practice medicine in the U.S. stand today regarding the current vaccine debate to remove informed consent to vaccines? This is one area of the debate where you are not likely to hear both sides in the mainstream media.

Mainstream media, for the most part, is biased in its coverage of the current vaccine debate when it comes to the issue of removing informed consent, and not allowing parents to exempt their children from vaccines. The debate is positioned as parents against doctors, with parents supposedly representing emotional pleas, while doctors are supposedly unified in stating that “the science is settled” regarding vaccines, and universally in favor of mandatory vaccination policy removing parental exemptions.

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

In this article, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.

Dispelling the Myth that All Doctors are Either Pro-Vaccine or Anti-Vaccine

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, any journalist or investigative reporter covering this issue with any integrity at all will quickly discover that this is very far from the truth.

As is illustrated in our infographic at the top of this article, we can broadly categorize many different positions on vaccines that doctors hold to and follow in their practice of treating patients. The two most extreme positions are those who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors who believe all vaccines are completely safe and effective, and should be forced upon everyone who does not share their belief.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual. They would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of parental exemptions.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

Who Are the Extremist Pro-Vaccine Doctors?

The most extremist pro-vaccine doctors, those that believe ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary, are best represented by two high-profile doctors:

Dr. Paul A. Offit, MD is the Director of the Vaccine Education Center at the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia as well as the Maurice R. Hilleman Professor of Vaccinology and a Professor of Pediatrics at the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. He is the mainstream media’s go-to spokesperson for vaccines. Dr. Offit is on record as stating that “a baby’s immune system could handle as many as 10,000 vaccines.” He holds a patent for one of the childhood vaccines recommended by the CDC, so he has a financial incentive to promote vaccines. Whenever he is scheduled to speak about vaccines, if he finds out that someone else will be appearing with him at the same time to give the opposing view, he immediately cancels his appearance, as he does not believe in free speech when it comes to vaccines [2], and believes his position is the only correct one. He once stated publicly that any reporter who covered someone articulating a different view on vaccines than what he believed should be punished and go to “journalism jail [2].”

When Sharyl Attkisson still worked for CBS, she ran a story with then anchor Katie Couric about his massive conflict of interest:

Dr. Paul Offit quite obviously represents the extremist pro-vaccine view among medical professionals.

Dr. Anne Schuchat is the director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). She is an Assistant Surgeon General holding the rank of rear admiral in the United States Public Health Service Commissioned Corps. Dr. Schuchat could quite possibly be the most powerful person in the world when it comes to setting vaccine policy, as the CDC vaccine recommendations are what set the market for which vaccines are administered to children in the U.S., and closely followed world-wide.

The CDC is also the biggest customer of pharmaceutical companies when it comes to purchasing vaccines, as they purchase more than $$4 billion worth of vaccines every year [3]. This creates a huge conflict of interest for an agency that is supposed to be overseeing vaccine safety. Not surprisingly, Dr. Anne Schuchat and the CDC’s position on vaccines is that they are ALWAYS safe ALL the time and should be injected into everyone they feel should have them, by force if necessary.

Earlier this year there was a Congressional hearing “on the link between recent outbreaks of diseases such as measles, and some parents’ decision not to vaccinate their children” as a result of the “Disney measles outbreak.”

Representing the government’s view on this subject was Dr. Anne Schuchat of the CDC. You can watch the entire 2-hour hearing on CSPAN here [4].

Or if you want the abridged summary, watch this short video clip:



This was not a Congressional Hearing where both sides of the vaccine debate were presented. Only one side was presented, the government and pharmaceutical side.

Can we trust the CDC when they say, “vaccines don’t cause autism”? Are we to be impressed with Dr. Anne Schuchat and find her more credible because she is wearing a military uniform?

Why didn’t Congress address both sides of the vaccine debate? Why wasn’t Dr. William Thompson of the CDC also present to answer questions?

Dr. Thompson stated last year that one of the CDC studies that supposedly proved that “vaccines don’t cause autism” had data withheld that showed that the MMR vaccine did in fact increase the risk of autism among African-American boys. He was a co-author of the study. (See: CDC Whistleblower Dr. Thompson: “I’ve Stopped Lying” – Willing to Testify on Vaccine Fraud [5])

Why hasn’t Dr. William Thompson of the CDC been invited to testify to Congress yet??

Is the statement “vaccines don’t cause autism” even a scientifically accurate statement? Can it be proven that in every single case where autism is diagnosed, that it is impossible for vaccines to have had any causative effect? The rate of autism in the U.S. has skyrocketed to one out of every 10,000 children several years ago to one out of every 50 children today. The CDC says they do not know why the rate is increasing so much, but they are positive it is not due to vaccines.

Interestingly, other government officials have actually contradicted Dr. Schuchat’s testimony and admitted that vaccines can be linked to autism in some cases:

We can safely say that Dr. Anne Schuchat of the CDC represents the extremist pro-vaccine view among medical professionals.

Who are the Extremist Anti-Vaccine Doctors?

There are actually very few medical doctors who will come out publicly and state that they are against ALL vaccines. I find them the most compelling doctors to listen to, because they must endure tremendous ridicule, and also risk losing their license to practice for taking such as stance. What kind of doctor would take such a stance on vaccines, and be willing to risk articulating that position in public?

Most of the anti-vaccine doctors did not start out as anti-vaccine. They observed the damage vaccines caused to their patients via their clinical experience, and it drove them to research the issue much more thoroughly than what they were taught in medical school.

Dr. Suzanne Humphries, MD

[6]

One of the most articulate anti-vaccine doctors is Dr. Suzanne Humphries, MD. Dr. Humphries earned her bachelor degree in physics from Rutgers University and her medical degree from Temple University in Philadelphia, and completed her internship and residency in internal medicine at Montefiore Medical Center in Bronx, New York. She is board certified in Nephrology. Prior to her leaving conventional medicine to travel around the world lecturing on vaccine safety, she held a Fellowship at the Medical College of Pennsylvania, Hahnemann University School of Medicine.

Dr. Humphries did not start out as anti-vaccine. She used to not only believe in vaccines, but she used to vaccinate her patients. Dr. Humphries has stated that she was motivated to research vaccines and learn the truth because she felt her medical training had misinformed her. She also saw friends and family members injured by vaccines.

When asked if she felt betrayed when she learned the truth about vaccines, much of which was suppressed in her medical training, Dr. Humphries gives a rather incredible response. If anyone wonders what Dr. Humphries motivation is, or what kind of character she has, her reply is very revealing:

Well, I take responsibility for what I have done in my life. And so if somebody made me go to medical school and kept everything away from me, maybe I would feel betrayed. But I chose to go to medical school, and I chose to limit my reading material to the degree that I did. So I didn’t feel betrayed.

Dr. Humphries was asked if she thought vaccines were working in keeping populations healthy. Her reply:

You have to define “working” first. Some people consider “working” to mean that you suppress a disease in a population. Some vaccines do work by that definition. But no vaccine increases the health of a population, because vaccines do not increase the health of a human. There is nothing in a vaccine that our bodies actually require… There is no nutritive effect of a vaccine. So no, I don’t believe that they create health in a population. I believe there are always better ways to deal with diseases in a population than vaccinating everybody.

When asked why she chooses not to get vaccines, even though she travels around the world to places where vaccines are recommended, Dr. Humphries replies:

Because I take really good care of my immune system, and my body. I believe its always a gamble. So you have to pick which side you are going to run with, and you have to believe in it and do it. So if you are going to believe in vaccines, then you need to believe in it and do it. I don’t believe in vaccines. I don’t even believe a little bit in vaccines. I believe they can do more harm to me than I may ever be able to make up for.

Dr. Humphries believes the dangers inherent in vaccines are being suppressed by the medical community and the media, and that they do not want you to hear “the other side” of vaccine safety. She is routinely censored from the mainstream media. To listen to what is perhaps the best 22 minute presentation on the other side of the vaccine debate, uncensored, see: Dr. Suzanne Humphries on Vaccine Safety: “They Don’t Want You to Hear the Other Side.” [7]

Dr. Suzanne Humphries is definitely an “extreme” anti-vaccine doctor.

Dr. Richard Moskowitz

Dr. Richard Moskowitz practices medicine in Massachusetts. He received his B.A. from Harvard in 1959, and his M.D. from New York University in 1963. After a Graduate Fellowship in Philosophy at the University of Colorado, he completed his internship at St. Anthony’s Hospital in Denver, and has practiced general family medicine since obtaining his license in 1967. He became interested in natural therapies in 1970 as part of his home birth practice, and has continued to study and use natural therapies ever since.

Like Dr. Humphries, Dr. Moskowitz did not start out as an anti-vaccine doctor, but as a pro-vaccine doctor, administering vaccines to his patients in his practice. But after more than 30 years of clinical experience, he found he could no longer recommend vaccines, even if his patients requested them:

For the past ten years or so, I have felt a deep and growing compunction against giving routine vaccinations to children. It began with the fundamental belief that people have the right to make that choice for themselves. But eventually the day came when I could no longer bring myself to give the shots, even when the parents wished me to. I have always believed that the attempt to eradicate entire microbial species from the biosphere must inevitably upset the balance of Nature in fundamental ways that we can as yet scarcely imagine. Purely from the viewpoint of our own species, even if we could be sure that the vaccines were harmless, the fact remains that they are compulsory, that all children are required to undergo them, without sensitivity or proper regard for basic differences in individual susceptibility, to say nothing of the values and wishes of the parents and the children themselves. The public is surely entitled to convincing proof, beyond any reasonable doubt, that artificial immunization is in fact a safe and effective procedure, in no way injurious to health, and that the threat of the corresponding natural diseases remains sufficiently clear and urgent to warrant the mass inoculation of everyone, even against their will if necessary. Unfortunately, such proof has never been given; and even if it could be, continuing to employ vaccines against diseases that are no longer prevalent or dangerous hardly qualifies as an emergency. I want to present the case against routine immunization as clearly and forcefully as I can.

While he does not travel around the world lecturing on vaccines like Dr. Humphries, Dr. Moskowitz’s treatise on vaccinations is perhaps the best written document on the Internet today giving “the other side” of the vaccine debate that is routinely censored. (See: Richard Moskowitz, M. D. – The Case Against Immunizations [9].)

I believe it is safe to include Dr. Moskowitz among the “extreme” anti-vaccine doctors.

Every legislator across the U.S. considering legislation to force vaccinations on others against their will should be required to watch the 22 minute video by Dr. Humphries [7], and read the expose by Dr. Moskowitz [9] to understand both sides of the vaccine debate held by medical doctors in the United States.

Vaccine Choice: The Majority of Doctors in the U.S.

The vast majority of doctors in the U.S. do not hold one of the extreme positions on vaccines, but fall somewhere in the middle. The mainstream media, pharmaceutical industry, and U.S. Government would like the public to believe that the extreme pro-vaccine position, that all vaccines are safe and effective and should be given to all people at all times by force if necessary, is the only position held by doctors in the U.S. They want the American public to believe that if any doctor does not hold this position, they are a “quack.”

Don’t believe this nonsense. They are targeting state politicians right now and are trying to coerce and intimidate them to pass legislation that would force their extremist position on the rest of the public, including practicing physicians.

What all these doctors featured here have in common is that they do not subscribe to the religious-like extreme pro-vaccine position that believes all vaccines are good all the time, for all people, by force if necessary. The doctors featured here are also all licensed physicians, or retired former licensed medical professionals.

Dr. Mark Geier

Dr. Mark Geier is not anti-vaccine. He is an MD and has a PhD in genetics. He spent 10 years working at the National Institute of Health, and was a professor at John Hopkins University as a geneticist. He is also the author of over 150 peer-reviewed publications.

He worked on vaccine safety and efficacy for more than 30 years. He was one of four scientists that worked to replace the DTP vaccine, a vaccine that caused every child to become sick with a high fever at the time of vaccination, with the current DTAP vaccine, which is a more purified vaccine and causes illness due to fever in only 3% of those vaccinated.

Dr. Geier is not an extremist pro-vaccine doctor. His work has shown he is interested in vaccine safety, and his belief in vaccines is based on the merit of each vaccine, and the science behind it. However, he has been labeled a “quack” by some because he does share the same religious-like belief that the extreme pro-vaccine crowd tries to force on everyone else.

Dr. Geier is opposed to the flu vaccine. In the video below, he explains that the flu shot causes Guillain-Barré Syndrome [10], and that the flu shot is not very effective in preventing the flu. He also explains that the CDC does not follow the law for vaccines in requiring long-term safety testing for the influenza vaccine like they do with other vaccines, as it is impossible to test a vaccine that changes every year. So the flu vaccine is basically an experimental vaccine that they want to give out to 300 million people every year. There are also no studies showing the safety of giving the flu vaccine to the same person every single year. However, Dr. Geier points out that the CDC is in the business of distributing flu vaccines, because they represent 300 million doses per year, whereas all the childhood vaccines together only number 20 million. The flu vaccine is the most dangerous vaccine in America, representing the vast majority of injuries and deaths compensated by the Vaccine Court [11].

Dr. Geier goes on to explain that flu is “the wrong thing to vaccinate against” because you have to keep re-vaccinating against it every year, unlike childhood infectious diseases, such as smallpox, that are only vaccinated for once. Dr. Geier points out how ridiculous it is to spend billions of dollars on a vaccine that might, at its best, save about 50 lives a year, when there are far more serious problems causing death that are more worthy of that kind of expenditure.

Dr. Jay Gordon

Dr. Jay Gordon is a pediatrician in Southern California. He has quite an impressive resume:

In the middle of his residency training, pediatrician Jay Gordon took an unusual step. Deciding that he needed greater knowledge about nutrition, vitamins, and alternative medicine in order to practice medicine the way he wanted to, Dr. Gordon took a Senior Fellowship in Pediatric Nutrition at Sloan-Kettering Institute in New York City. After his residency at Children’s Hospital of Los Angeles, Dr. Gordon joined the teaching attending faculty at UCLA Medical Center and Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. Intensely interested in infant nutrition and breastfeeding, Dr. Gordon is the first male physician to sit for and pass the International Board of Lactation Certification Exam and has served on the Professional Advisory Board of La Leche League for twenty-four years.

Dr. Gordon is not anti-vaccine, and he does not hold the extreme pro-vaccine position. He is another doctor that is in between the two extreme positions. He is a strong advocate for parental rights. When you visit the home page of his website [14], you are greeted with this quote at the top:

No one knows your child better than you do.

Dr. Gordon is not anti-vaccine, but he is pro-parental choice. He believes parents are in the best position to make vaccine choices for their children:

First, vaccines are a really personal issue and one of my biggest problems is that pediatricians don’t feel that parents should even participate in the decision about how or when, let alone if a baby should get all, some or none of the shots at any given office visit. The whole process is inherently flawed because we give immunizations pretending to know a lot more about the immune system than we really know. We also have combined six different vaccines with more than 20 separate antigens to be given at the two-, four-, and six-month check ups. The science behind these combinations is lacking and the challenge ‘You can’t prove it’s dangerous to give these shots at the same time,’ completely reverses the real obligation of the manufacturers and vaccine researchers to prove that the vaccines and combinations are safe. (Story here [15].)

Dr. Geier and Dr. Gordon are representative of the multitude of doctors in the U.S. who do not hold either extreme position on vaccines, but fall in the middle somewhere. Here are a few other doctors that fall in the middle somewhere (or have possibly moved all the way to the anti-vaccine position), based on public information available.

Remember that according to the religious-like extreme pro-vaccine position, all of these doctors are “quacks” in their opinion.

Dr. Sherri Tenpenny

Like Dr. Humphries, Dr. Tenpenny is one of the most articulate spokespersons on vaccine safety in America today. She is an accomplished author and speaker, and is the director and founder of OsteoMed II [16], a clinic established in 1996 in Ohio. Dr. Tenpenny talks about the lack of safety studies conducted on vaccines, pointing out that studies are only conducted on healthy individuals which are not representative of a large part of society that vaccines are given to. People who are chronically sick and are taking many different kinds of medications are never studied.

Dr. Tenpenny also discusses whether or not vaccines are effective, pointing out the difference between “vaccine antibodies” and natural immunity. She helps people understand that when a claim is made saying “vaccines are effective,” it simply means it effectively created an “antibody” for a specific disease, but not that it has proven to prevent the person from contracting that disease. She discusses the growing number of cases in the U.S. where disease outbreaks are occurring among the vaccinated populations, who have been fully vaccinated for the disease from which they are suffering.

Dr. Meryl Nass

Dr. Meryl Nass is an M.D. in internal medicine. She exposes the revolving door that exists between pharmaceutical companies that manufacture vaccines and the U.S. government. She covers the Gardasil controversy and says “Healthy girls don’t just die suddenly.” Dr. Nass is also an expert on the anthrax vaccine and Gulf War Syndrome.

Dr. Nicholas J. Gonzalez

[17]

Nicholas J. Gonzalez, M.D., graduated from Brown University, Phi Beta Kappa, magna cum laude, with a degree in English Literature. He subsequently worked as a journalist, first at Time Inc., before pursuing premedical studies at Columbia. He then received his medical degree from Cornell University Medical College in 1983. During a postgraduate immunology fellowship under Dr. Robert A. Good, considered the father of modern immunology, he completed a research study evaluating an aggressive nutritional therapy in the treatment of advanced cancer. Since 1987, Dr. Gonzalez has been in private practice in New York City, treating patients diagnosed with cancer and other serious degenerative illnesses.

Dr. Gonzalez is a critic of the Polio vaccine. See: Scientifically No Polio Vaccine was Needed [18]

Dr. Stacia Kenet Lansman

Dr. Stacia Kenet Lansman, the founder of Pediatric Alternatives in Marin County, California. She graduated from Tufts University Medical School in Boston, MA, in 1989 and completed her pediatric residency at Oakland Children Hospital, Oakland, CA, in 1992.

Dr. Lansman works with five other physicians in her clinic, all of whom “have impeccable credentials, having trained and completed residencies at some of the nation’s top medical schools and institutions.” Several are fellows of the American Academy of Pediatrics.

These five physicians in California believe that families should delay certain childhood immunizations—in some cases for years past the age recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention—and forego others entirely. (See: Top California Pediatricians: Don’t Dictate Vaccines to Parents [19].)

Dr. Russell L. Blaylock

Dr. Blaylock is a board certified neurosurgeon, author and lecturer. He attended the LSU School of Medicine in New Orleans and completed his general surgical internship and neurosurgical residency at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina. During his residency he ran the neurology program for one year and did a fellowship in neurosurgery after his residency. For the past 25 years he has practiced neurosurgery in addition to having a nutritional practice.

Dr. Blaylock has written on excessive vaccination during brain development and the link to autism [22].

Dr. Robert Rowen

Dr. Rowen graduated Phi Beta Kappa from Johns Hopkins University (1971), followed by medical school at the University of California at San Francisco San Francisco (1975). He has been board certified and recertified by the American Boards of Family Practice and Emergency Medicine. He also served on the Alaska State Medical Board.

Dr. Rowen has documented how the current measles vaccine is ineffective, and that most outbreaks of measles are being spread by those who have been vaccinated, not the unvaccinated. (See: Dr. Rowen: Measles Spread by those Vaccinated [24])

Dr. Lee Hieb

Dr. Lee Hieb is an orthopaedic surgeon specializing in spinal surgery. She is past president of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons.

Dr. Hieb discusses the medical ethics and political implications of government forced vaccinations. She also addresses two crucial issues that you are unlikely to hear in the mainstream media regarding the vaccine debate: Are vaccines safe, and are they effective? (See: Dr. Lee Hieb M.D. – Vaccine Hysteria Could Spark Totalitarian Nightmare [26].)

Dr. Michael W. Elice

Michael W. Elice, M.D. is a graduate of Syracuse University and the Chicago Medical School. He maintains teaching positions at New York University Medical School and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine and has adjunct professorship at North Shore University Hospital, Manhasset, New York and the Cohen Children’s Hospital of the Long Island Jewish Medical Center, New Hyde Park, New York.

Dr. Elice is a critic of the current measles, mumps, rubella combo vaccine (MMR), and believes that the media’s inaccurate characterization of the measles “epidemics” is actually promoting “medical harm” to America’s children. (See: Dr. Michael Elice M.D. – Media Promoting Medical Harm to Our Children [28].)

Dr. David Brownstein

Dr. David Brownstein is a Board-Certified family physician and the Medical Director of the Center for Holistic Medicine in West Bloomfield, MI. He is a graduate of the University of Michigan and Wayne State University School of Medicine. Dr. Brownstein is a member of the American Academy of Family Physicians and the American College for the Advancement in Medicine. Dr. Brownstein has received two prestigious awards by his colleagues. The first was given by the American College for the Advancement in Medicine at the 2005 annual meeting. The award was the Norman E. Clarke Sr. Award for Science and Practice. The second award was given by the American Academy of Integrative Medicine at their 2005 annual meeting in Florida. This was titled, 2005 ARC Excellence Award for Distinguished Clinician for his “Advancement in the Diagnosis and Treatment of Chronic Diseases.”

Dr. Brownstein is a critic of the flu shot, and has recently written about human DNA from fetal cells in the measles vaccine, and how this could be inked to increases in autism. (See: Dr. Brownstein, M.D. – Human DNA From Fetal Cells in Measles Vaccine Could be Linked to Increase in Autism [30].)

Dr. Toni Bark

Dr. Bark received her Bachelor of Science degree in Psychology from The University of Illinois in 1981 and her medical degree from Rush Medical School in 1986. Dr. Bark completed her Pediatric Residency training at the University of Illinois, Chicago, in 1991, and trained at New York University in Pediatrics from 1986 through 1987 and Rehabilitation Medicine from 1987 through 1988. Immediately post-residency, Dr. Bark worked as attending staff in the Neo-Natal Intensive Care Unit at Michael Reese Hospital. She then took a position as the Director of the Pediatric Emergency Room at Michael Reese Hospital until 1993 when her commitment to natural remedies led her to begin her study of Holistic Medicine.

Dr. Bark is a strong proponent of vaccine safety, and has taken time out of her busy schedule to try and educate lawmakers on vaccine safety. (See: Dr. Toni Bark, M.D. – Do Not Remove Vaccine Exemptions – Some Children Die from Vaccines [33].)

Dr. Susan McCreadie

Susan McCreadie, MD is a Board Certified Pediatrician with the American Board of Pediatrics. She obtained her medical degree from Wayne State University School of Medicine, and completed her Pediatric Residency and Chief Residency at Children’s Hospital of Michigan.

Dr. McCreadie wrote an article about vaccines that once was published in many places on the Internet but now has been removed in most places. We have republished it here: Susan McCreadie, MD: I Rest Easier NOT Vaccinating my Children. [35] She wrote:

I am not pro or anti-vaccine, I am pro INFORMED choice. Think again – Watch the movie The Greater Good to hear a rational scientific discussion from leading experts. This documentary weaves together the stories of three families whose lives have been forever changed by vaccination. Hear the vaccine debate reframed beyond fear, hype and politics.

Dr. Joseph Mercola

Joseph Mercola, DO, is board-certified in family medicine and served as the chairman of the family medicine department at St. Alexius Medical Center for five years. He was trained in both traditional and natural medicine. He was granted fellowship status by the American College of Nutrition (ACN) in October 2012. In order to obtain fellowship status with the ACN one must meet a minimum of four requirements. Those requirements include: (1) co-author five or more publications relevant to nutrition in referred medical or scientific journals, (2) demonstrate significant experience in patient care, (3) hold a doctoral degree from an institution that is accredited by the Regional Accrediting Organizations, and (4) maintain status with the ACN.

He is a New York Times Bestselling author and publishes one the most-read alternative health newsletters and websites in the world. He is a well-published critic of the pharmaceutical industry and vaccines. (See: How Fascism Creates Science-Biased Medicine in Federal Policies [36].)

Dr. Natasha Campbell-McBride

Dr. Natasha Campbell-McBride is a medical doctor with two postgraduate degrees: Master of Medical Sciences in Neurology and Master of Medical Sciences in Human Nutrition. She graduated as a medical doctor in Russia. After practicing for five years as a Neurologist and three years as a Neurosurgeon she started a family and moved to the UK, where she got her second postgraduate degree in Human Nutrition.

She is well known for developing a concept of GAPS (Gut And Psychology Syndrome), which she described in her book Gut And Psychology Syndrome [38] – Natural Treatment for Autism, ADHD, Dyslexia, Dyspraxia, Depression and Schizophrenia, now in its second edition. Thousands of people around the world follow the highly successful GAPS Nutritional Protocol to help themselves and their families.

Dr. Campbell-McBride has a chapter in her GAPS book [38]: Vaccines. Does MMR cause autism? She recommends that a comprehensive immunological survey of every baby be performed before any vaccines are administered.

Doctors Involved in the Politics of Vaccines

Doctors are busy people. So when a physician takes time out of their busy schedule to testify at government hearings on the issue of mandatory vaccines, it must mean they are passionate about the subject. Here are two doctors that recently took time out of their busy schedule to testify before government committees considering removing vaccine exemptions.

Dr. Paul Thomas

Dr. Paul Thomas, M.D. was born in Portland Oregon, and grew up in Southern Africa. He has a masters degree in biology, an M.D. from Dartmouth Medical School, and completed his pediatric residency at the University of California, San Diego. He is a board-certified fellow of the American Academy of Pediatrics, and also carries board certifications in Addiction Medicine and Integrative Holistic Medicine. He started the Pediatric After-hours Clinic (now Pediatric ER) at Emanuel Children’s Hospital, where he also taught medical students and residents from 1988-1993.

Dr. Thomas recently testified in the Oregon Senate on a proposed bill to remove vaccine exemptions, a bill he called “a travesty.”

See: Dr. Paul Thomas, M.D. – Preserve Medical Freedom – Vaccines Linked to Autism [39]

Dr. Lynn Mielke

Dr. Mielke is the founder of Developmental Spectrums clinic [40] in California, which specializes in the biomedical treatment of Autistic Spectrum Disorders. Dr. Mielke graduated from the Indiana University School of Medicine, and did her Psychiatry residency at UCLA’s Neuropsychiatric Institute. After finishing her residency, she was an Associate Clinical Professor at UCLA in the Department of Family Practice for several years and had a private practice in Westwood, before moving to Pleasanton, where she practiced as a Psychiatrist for several years. She is a Fellow of the Medical Academy of Pediatric Special Needs [41]. She is also the mother of an autistic child.

Dr. Mielke recently took time out of her busy schedule to address the California Senate Health Committee meetings regarding CA Bill SB277.

See: Doctor Specializing in Special Needs Children Speaks out Against Mandatory Vaccines in California [42]

Dr. Donna Campbell

Donna Campbell, M.D. is certified in both emergency room medicine and ophthalmology. She completed her Masters of Nursing from Texas Woman’s University as a Cardiovascular Clinical Nurse Specialist. She received her M.D. from Texas Tech University, where she was a member of Alpha Omega Alpha, the honor society for medical schools.

She is also a State Senator in Texas, and recently resisted the pressure from other politicians to support a bill that would remove vaccine exemptions:

Summary: Non-extremist Vaccine Choice Doctors Represent the Majority

These are a few of the doctors who do not support the extremist pro-vaccine position that would force vaccines upon others, and have been willing to take a public stand on vaccine choice. How many other physicians are there practicing medicine all across the U.S. who fear to speak out, at the risk of losing their careers?

By the way, one doctor in the U.K. who did lose his career by daring to question vaccines, was Dr. Andrew Wakefield who is vilified in the U.S. mainstream media with various statements of belief that are completely false.

Dr. Wakefield was a pro-vaccine doctor, like many of the doctors here, and believed in single dose vaccines instead of multiple dose vaccines. He dared to study the issue in the hope that he could help make vaccines safer, and help his patients who were suffering from medical conditions that could be linked to too many vaccines. Because he was so well known, being a world-renowned gastrointestinal surgeon, his work was seen as a threat to the vaccine industry and he became the scapegoat for the pro-vaccine extremists to vilify. Read the truth about Dr. Wakefield here [43]. As one can see from the other doctors documented above, there are many doctors who see a link to excessive vaccines and autism. Their clinical experience and “the science” completely contradict what the pro-vaccine extremists in the media, government, and pharmaceutical industry would like the public to believe.

Should the Majority of Doctors in the U.S. Who are Not Pro-vaccine Extremists be Silenced?

American citizens, wherever they are on the line between extreme anti-vaccine and extreme pro-vaccine, need to wake up and realize that the debate is not between extreme positions. It is not an either/or debate as the extremists want to frame the debate.

If the government takes away the freedom to choose a medical procedure such as vaccines, this is not only a violation of the right to choose and informed consent for parents regarding the health of their children, it is also a violation of the doctor-patient privilege to determine what is best on a patient by patient basis by the doctor – not a politician. Any doctor truly concerned about patient health, and not a career or medical profits, will most certainly oppose what amounts to medical tyranny: government deciding what is best for all patients, regardless of what the patient or the patient’s doctor thinks.

And that is exactly where the United States stands: on the brink of medical tyranny.

Copyright 2015 – Health Impact News

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com

Permission to republish granted in full. Note that while I personally know some of the doctors listed in this article, many of them I have never met, and I have reported on publicly available information. Health Impact News owns the copyright to the infographic at the top of this article, but images of doctors may be copyrighted. We have done our best to link to each source of information or photos listed here. If you feel we have violated a copyright, please contact us [44] to remedy the issue.

[46]

by Attorney Jonathan Emord

Free Shipping Available! [46]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
24144,"FDA: Massive Attack on Supplements

by Alliance for Natural Health – USA

The long-awaited revision of FDA guidance rules for new supplements is finally here. It is very bad news. Highest-level Action Alert!

What we are dealing with here is whether the supplement industry is allowed to innovate and create new supplements. The FDA, working as usual on behalf of the drug industry, says no. We need your help to stop this right now. It will take a huge effort on all of our parts and we need to start immediately.

Over the last few years, one of the biggest issues facing the supplement industry has been the confusion over how to comply with the new dietary ingredient (NDI) provisions contained in the landmark Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA), the main law governing supplements. For the layman, “new dietary ingredient” is usually just government jargon for “new supplement.”

Under DSHEA, any dietary supplement introduced to the market in the US after 1994 is considered “new” (an NDI) and the manufacturer must notify the FDA at least seventy-five days in advance of marketing the product.

In 2011, the FDA released a draft guidance setting forth the agency’s thinking on how companies should comply with DSHEA’s NDI requirements: how and when a NDI notification should be submitted, what information should be included, what is or is not considered an NDI, etc.

The 2011 draft guidance was a massive broadside aimed at crippling—if not eliminating—the supplement industry. An economic analysis at the time by an Emory University professor estimated that the FDA’s outrageous interpretation of the DSHEA-mandated NDI notification language would have meant:

the elimination of tens of thousands of supplements from the market;

an industry-wide cost of between $$2 billion and $$165 billion in animal and human product safety studies to comply with the FDA’s NDI notification protocols; and

the loss of between 55,270 and 104,475 jobs in the supplement industry.

ANH-USA and others submitted detailed comments to the FDA concerning its deeply flawed guidance document, and ANH-USA members flooded the agency with comments. After a major backlash of 146,000 pages of comments, Congressman Peter Roskam (R-IL) stepped in and said the FDA had reversed the intent of DSHEA, which was meant to expand, not restrict, consumer access to supplements.

ANH-USA and our partners were then able to persuade Congress to add language to an appropriations bill urging the FDA to go back to the drawing board, and the agency eventually agreed. We have been waiting for the agency’s updated draft ever since.

We need to keep in mind some history about this and in particular why DSHEA was passed in the first place. In 1992, the FDA published its Task Force Report on Dietary Supplements. It included the statement that dietary supplements represented a “disincentive for patented drug research.”

This report, plus the news that the clinic of Dr. Jonathan Wright had been raided at gunpoint (later referred to as “The Great B Vitamin Bust”), sent shockwaves through every integrative doctor’s office and every health food store in America.

News of this raid turned out to be the shot heard ’round the world for health freedom. Everybody got organized and started to fight back.

By 1994, over two million letters went to Congress, which led to the passage of DSHEA. Congress for the first time began to have an inkling that diet mattered greatly for health and that dietary supplements could make a great deal of difference in our diet. When President Bill Clinton signed the bill into law, he stated that it represented “common sense.”

The draft of regulations governing new dietary supplements under DSHEA, arriving twenty-two years after the passage of the legislation, and further delayed after the disastrous first draft in 2011, was finally published last Friday. It is a little better in some respects, but the biggest problems remain. It represents a dire threat to the supplement industry and, by extension, consumer access to supplements.

First, the improvements. In the original guidance, the FDA had said that all dietary ingredients contained in supplements sold before 1994, but not marketed as a standalone dietary supplement, required a NDI notification. So if a green tea supplement marketed before 1994 also contained other natural dietary ingredients, the green tea would be grandfathered and not require a NDI, but the other ingredients would—an absurd stance that has been corrected in the new guidance. Now, dietary ingredients that were marketed as or were contained in dietary supplements before 1994 are grandfathered.

The FDA’s new guidance also allows the submission of “NDI master files,” which contain specifications and other information needed to completely describe an ingredient. If a company wants to make several products with the same ingredient but at different dosages or concentrations, this could save a lot of time. These master files can also be shared with other companies to avoid excessive duplication.

There is still no authoritative list of “grandfathered” ingredients that do not need to submit NDIs, but FDA has said in the new guidance that it is willing to develop such a list based on independent and verifiable data. This appears to be just another stalling tactic after twenty-two years of stalling. We can be sure that the agency will keep the list as short as possible.

Unfortunately, that is the extent of the improvements in the new guidance versus the first draft. Most of the other problems that were in the original guidance remain in the updated draft.

The guidance imposes safety requirements on new supplements that are not even expected of drugs! The FDA describes how to determine what kind of safety studies to submit with an NDI notification. Note that safety studies in the past have been required of drugs, not of supplements. In addition the agency states that additional safety studies may be needed if the target population changes. For example, if a history of safe use has been established with adults, but a substance will be used in a dietary supplement marketed for young children, the FDA would require another NDI notification.

Are other drugs—even dangerous antipsychotics, antidepressants, and stimulants—subject to similar requirements when they are used on children? The answer is a resounding No. In the FDA’s own words, “Most drugs prescribed for children have not been tested in children.” The same is true for use with elderly people. The drugs have almost never been tested on elderly people. This makes the FDA’s new position on supplements especially hypocritical.

The section on investigational new drugs (INDs) also remains. These provisions could destroy the future availability of many supplements. The jargon used here in the guidance is confusing, probably intentionally so, but bear with us.

Remember that an IND refers to a new drug, while an NDI refers to a new supplement. Under current law, if an IND application is filed for an ingredient—that is, an ingredient is being studied for use as part of a new drug—that ingredient can no longer be produced or included in a supplement if a NDI has not previously been accepted. This has already happened to pyridoxamine, a form of vitamin B6, even though in the end it resulted in this valuable form of natural B6 being no longer available either as supplement or drug.

Apparently the FDA couldn’t care less that this form of natural B6 is no longer available in any form. Indeed it has been considering a petition to ban the only remaining natural form of B6, the most important form of all, because all B6, synthetic or natural, must be converted to it in order for our bodies to use it.

In this guidance, the FDA explicitly states that even when an IND is rescinded or does not lead to a new drug, the supplement form is still banned. Well, at least they admit what they are doing!

But just imagine the mischief this could cause when some enterprising drug company decides to corner the market on a whole list of ingredients to keep them out of the hands of supplement formulators forever more. This could very easily be done under this guidance. Remember that it is not always clear what counts as a NDI or what has been grandfathered, so drug companies can use this confusion to claim that supplements which have been around for decades have been sufficiently “altered” that they can be claimed as drugs.

The agency has also kept intact its ridiculous position that synthetic botanical ingredients are, for the most part, not dietary ingredients. This would likely remove many products from store shelves, such as vinpocetine, which is needed to keep our brains healthy. There is an exception for synthetic botanicals that are lawfully used as an ingredient in the conventional food supply, such as vanillin. What makes this even more confusing is that the FDA has already accepted NDI notifications for vinpocetine from a number of supplement producers. Note that in most cases, the FDA does not ever have to resolve the status of NDI notifications.

The FDA is also broadening the group of substances that must submit NDIs by adopting a loose definition of what it means for a supplement to be “chemically altered.” If a post-DSHEA ingredient has been present in the food supply and has not been chemically altered, it is exempted from submitting a NDI notification. The problem is that the FDA’s definition of “chemically altered” is so broad that only the most basic manufacturing methods would not “chemically alter” an ingredient. This language will stifle innovations in manufacturing and ignores the fact that new and more effective ways of producing supplements have arisen in the last twenty-two years since DSHEA passed. It appears that this is quite intentional. The aim is to destroy supplement innovation in the hope that this will eventually destroy the supplement industry.

It’s the same old story. The agency, under the guise of protecting us, is really just protecting its funder, the drug industry, and is throttling any chance of innovation and improvement in supplements. This is so corrupt that it is hard to understand how Congress can continue to turn a blind eye to it, but of course Big Pharma funds political campaigns as well.

Probiotics—the “good” bacteria which our bodies, and in particular, our immune systems, absolutely depend on—could also be on the chopping block. The agency cites risks for these supplements which are purely theoretical and have never posed a problem. Is it a coincidence that Big Pharma is now very interested in producing its own versions of this product? Having probiotics subject to prescription—or costing $$100 a bottle—will be a disaster for the health of Americans.

This is pure nonsense. Why would the FDA do this? Clearly these are the actions of an agency looking to restrict the supplement market and remove as many products as possible in as many ways as possible—even thought it openly defies the intent of Congress in passing DSHEA, which was meant to expand consumer access to dietary supplements.

Over the coming weeks we will continue to dissect the guidance and strategize about the best way to overturn this guidance in order to protect consumer access to dietary supplements. But right now, we need to send messages to the FDA but especially to Congress. We need to immediately register our opposition and dismay at what the FDA is, once again, trying to do in its relentless war against dietary supplements.

By now, it should be clear that the FDA cannot provide credible oversight of the supplement industry. Another regulator is needed.

Action Alert! Write to Congress and the FDA to protest this revised guidance that threatens our access to supplements. Please send your message immediately.

Read the full article at ANH-USA.org.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
33186,"Poisonings from E-Cigarettes and Synthetic Pot Are Surging

By Dr. Mercola

The gradual demise of traditional cigarettes has sparked some new health concerns related to the rising popularity of electronic cigarettes, as well as new “designer drugs” like synthetic cannabis. Designer drugs are synthetic analogs of illegal or prohibited drugs, devised to circumvent drug laws.

The dangers of e-cigs may not be as obvious as those of traditional smokes, but according to CDC, accidental poisonings are soaring, most notably among small children who come in contact with liquid refills for vapor versions. More than half of the poisonings have been occurring in children age five and younger.



For children to be poisoned by a traditional cigarette, they must eat one. But just touching the liquid refills for some e-cigs is dangerous for young children because the chemicals can be readily absorbed through their skin and even their eyes. The toxic effects of synthetic cannabis are also proving deadly.

Nothing Natural in Electronic Cigarettes or Fake Pot

One of the reasons e-cigarettes and are causing so many poisonings is that they are unnatural—synthesized in a lab—and often loaded with heavy metals, solvents, and a hodgepodge of toxic chemicals.

With synthetic marijuana, there is no end to the potentially deadly combinations of laboratory-fabricated chemicals. Various versions are being imported, mostly from Asia, under the guise of potpourri, herbal incense, and even “plant food.”

The rate at which poisonings are escalating argues in favor of the legalization of marijuana. While not completely safe, marijuana is a natural herb that offers many health benefits. These synthetic drugs offer NONE of the health benefits—only the risks.

Smokeless Does Not Mean Harmless

Instead of lighting up, e-cigarettes work by a mechanism that heats up a liquid—typically containing nicotine, flavoring agents, and solvents—which turns into a vapor that you inhale and exhale. This is called “vaping.” In spite of industry’s claims that e-cigarette vapors are harmless, testing has revealed toxic metal nanoparticles in these aerosols.

One of the problems unique to e-cigarettes is how easy it is for anyone to smoke them—and in the process, expose you to secondhand fumes. In most offices, you can just vape away at your desk—no need to trek outside to the nearest smoking area.

Some people are vaping at work all day long. If the fumes were truly only “water vapor” as the manufacturers would have you believe, then this wouldn’t be an issue… but they aren’t just water vapor. According to Tim McAffee of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC):



“We just don’t know what’s in them, and we don’t know how much of what’s in them would get out into the environment — but the assumption would be that it would.”

E-cig vapor has been shown to contain tin, copper, nickel, and silver silicate beads. In some cases, the levels are greater than what you might be exposed to from smoking a conventional cigarette.

Breathing metal nanoparticles has additional risks because they can more easily enter your bloodstream and body tissues, as their microscopic size allows them to better evade your body’s natural defenses. They also carry the potential for harming your developing fetus or newborn baby.



According to Americans for Nonsmokers’ Rights (ANR), secondhand e-cigarette aerosol contains at least 10 chemicals identified on California’s Proposition 65 list of carcinogens and reproductive toxins, listed in the table below. Scientists have also found measurable amounts of propylene glycol, diethylene glycol, and carcinogenic tobacco-specific nitrosamines.



Acetaldehyde

Benzene

Cadmium

Formaldehyde

Isoprene

Lead

Nickel

Nicotine

N-Nitrosonornicotine

Toluene

Just One Teaspoon of E-Cigarette Fluid May Be Deadly For Small Children

The toxicity of e-vapor pales in comparison to the toxicity of the cartridge liquid, which contains highly concentrated liquid nicotine in a cocktail of flavorings, colorings, and solvents, proven to be neurotoxic. Tiny amounts, whether ingested orally or absorbed through your skin, can cause vomiting, seizures, or even death.

Just one teaspoon of even highly diluted e-cigarette liquid can kill a small child.

Dr. Richard Clark, toxicology professor and medical director of the California Poison Control System, calls nicotine “probably the most toxic plant chemical ever discovered.” One estimate is that between one and two million liters of e-fluid will be sold in the US this year. According to the New York Times:



“Reports of accidental poisonings, notably among children, are soaring. Since 2011, there appears to have been one death in the United States, a suicide by an adult who injected nicotine. But less serious cases have led to a surge in calls to poison control centers. Nationwide, the number of cases linked to e-liquids jumped to 1,351 in 2013, a 300 percent increase from 2012, and the number is on pace to double this year, according to information from the National Poison Data System. Of the cases in 2013, 365 were referred to hospitals, triple the previous year’s number.”

The nicotine levels in e-liquids vary. According to Dr. Cantrell from California poison control, most range between 1.8 percent and 2.4 percent, concentrations that can cause sickness, but rarely death, in children. But higher concentrations, like 10 percent or even 7.2 percent, are widely available on the Internet. At those levels, a lethal dose for an adult would be less than one tablespoon.



Many of the chemicals in e-cigarettes are known to cause respiratory distress and disease. Indeed, this is what many people who have inhaled e-cig vapors are reporting—trouble breathing, cough, sore throat, chest pain, and allergic reactions such as itchiness and swelling of the lips. Chest pain and cardiovascular problems have also been reported.



Targeting Today’s Youth

The marketing of e-cigarettes is an issue of its own. Reminiscent of tobacco’s early years, e-cig marketers are making vaping look cool and glamorous, even sophisticated. The rising popularity with teens is creating a whole new source of nicotine addiction—in addition to the other health hazards already mentioned. Yet, manufacturers deny that they are marketing to children. Are we seriously supposed to believe that e-cig manufacturers are not targeting children with flavors like bubble gum, cherry blast, and Gummy Bear?



In spite of the health risks reported by both CDC and the ER docs who’ve had to pick up the pieces, the American Council on Science and Health (ACSH) remains an enthusiastic supporter of smokeless tobacco products, calling the risks “exaggerated (by mainstream media), irresponsible, harmful and malicious.” However, please note that the ACSH is an agenda-driven PR firm disguised as a science organization, heavily funded by industry, with vaccine industrialist Paul Offit as its board trustee.



AVOID Synthetic Marijuana—It Can Be Deadly!

Spice. Black Mamba. K2. MOJO. White Widow. These are all street names for synthetic cannabis (synthetic marijuana or “fake pot”), virtually unheard of five years ago but now sold widely in stores with little fear of prosecution. Introduced in 2009, this synthetic version of cannabis bears little resemblance to natural pot and has dramatically different effects on your body. It is manufactured to produce a “high” similar to marijuana, but instead of high, people are finding themselves on a bad trip to the ICU, permanently brain damaged, or even dead.

According to a recent Time Magazine feature, synthetic marijuana is the second most popular drug among teens and young adults, behind pot itself. Most people don’t realize how dangerous synthetic marijuana can be. The synthetic powder is mixed in a lab and shipped to the US, where retailers spray it onto a leaf—often an herb or a spice—that can be smoked, just like pot. It binds to cannabis receptors in your body up to 1,000 times more strongly than real marijuana, as well as producing gripping effects on serotonin and other receptors in your brain. You can’t overdose on real pot, but you CAN overdose on synthetic versions—and it doesn’t take very much.

In recent weeks, more than 100 people were treated in Louisiana emergency rooms after smoking synthetic cannabis products, many suffering life-threating reactions—so many that the state of Louisiana recently banned the sale and use of eight of them. Colorado has experienced a similar escalation in ER visits. The following table lists some of the frightening reactions to synthetic marijuana that emergency rooms and poison control centers are reporting:



Seizures

Hallucinations

Vomiting

Psychosis

Extreme anxiety

Permanent brain damage

Suicidality

Severe kidney damage

Reduced blood flow to heart

Tachycardia

Heart attack

Sudden cardiac arrest

Stroke

Delirium

REAL Cannabis for REAL Therapeutic Benefits

Twenty states have legalized cannabis for medical purposes, and two states (Colorado and Washington) now permit recreational use. Medical marijuana is largely opposed due to misinformation and the fact that it spells competition for the pharmaceutical industry, as the cannabis plant could replace a wide variety of synthetic drugs, especially for treating mood and anxiety disorders. The cannabis plant contains a variety of compounds with medicinal properties, including terpenes and flavonoids. Probably the most noteworthy is CBD (cannabidiol), which is associated with an array of health benefits. Different strains of cannabis have different ratios of CBD to THC.

There are strains of cannabis that contain high amounts of CBD, while being very low in THC, which is the psychoactive agent in marijuana. Such strains are the ones typically used for medical purposes, and will not produce a high. Just as with most medicinal plants, it is important to use the whole plant rather than isolated compounds, in order to take advantage of its natural synergistic actions. For more information about this, refer to the Project CBD website. If you do have cannabis in your home, please make sure to keep it away from your pets, as it is highly toxic to cats and dogs. When used appropriately, medical-grade cannabis offers a great range of benefits, including but not limited to the following:

Anti-inflammatory and Analgesic : Cannabis suppresses inflammation, in addition to reducing pain for chronic pain sufferers

: Cannabis suppresses inflammation, in addition to reducing pain for chronic pain sufferers Anticonvulsive : Cannabis is showing great promise for treating epilepsy (especially in children) by raising the seizure threshold



: Cannabis is showing great promise for treating epilepsy (especially in children) by raising the seizure threshold Anticancer : Binds to receptors on cancer cells, causing them to die off and inhibiting their spread. Harvard researchers found THC retards lung cancer growth, which helps explain why smoking marijuana doesn’t cause lung cancer



: Binds to receptors on cancer cells, causing them to die off and inhibiting their spread. Harvard researchers found THC retards lung cancer growth, which helps explain why smoking marijuana doesn’t cause lung cancer Neuroprotective : CBD protects those with brain injury from nerve damage, and may help prevent Alzheimer’s



: CBD protects those with brain injury from nerve damage, and may help prevent Alzheimer’s Treatment of Tourette Syndrome: Shown effective in reducing tics and behavioral symptoms, including obsessive compulsive behaviors



My ‘Trick’ for Quitting Smoking

If you’re thinking about quitting smoking, swapping conventional cigarettes for electronic cigarettes may simply expose you to a new set of health risks. This is also the case with drugs designed to help you quit. For example, the smoking-cessation drug Chantix has been associated with an inordinately high number of serious side effects, including suicides and psychotic reactions in people with no prior history of violent behavior. So, what’s the trick to quitting smoking? I believe the “secret” is to get healthy first, which makes quitting much easier.

Electronic cigarettes have proven to be helpful for some individuals who have chosen to quit smoking. I encourage you to do your research on the product you choose to use and continue in your effort to fully quit. My mother is 79 years old and smoked for all of her adult life. When she decided to give up smoking, she used a rechargeable, electronic cigarette in the process and found it helpful.

Exercising, eating healthy, and managing your stress are key parts to successfully managing to quit. Only when you have taken care of these basic aspects of your health should you attempt to quit smoking, and going “cold turkey” seems to work best. Two-thirds to three-quarters of ex-smokers stop without the need for pharmaceutical or medical intervention… and without e-cigarettes! The following are some tips for addressing each of these three key health areas.

Eat well: Choose a diet rich in fresh, whole foods such as sustainably raised, organic produce, grass-pastured meats, raw nuts and seeds, etc. A diet rich in antioxidants will help you limit your damage from tobacco smoke. Read through my free comprehensive nutrition plan if you need some direction. It is really crucial that you convert from sugar burning to fat burning mode with the use of intermittent fasting. This will help you avoid the virtually inevitable desire to binge on junk food as a reward for giving up smoking. Exercise regularly: One study found that exercise doubles your chances for success in the quit-smoking battle. Make sure to incorporate strength training, high-intensity interval training like Peak Fitness, core-strengthening exercises, and stretching.

Manage your stress and your cravings: Finding tools to help you improve your emotional health is extremely important when shifting lifestyle habits. Many people use yoga, meditation, or relaxation techniques for this, and these are all great. I also recommend the Emotional Freedom Technique (EFT), as this can reduce stress and restore your energetic balance, helping you break free of cigarette cravings.

Read the full article here.



",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32650,"Gutsy Attorney Outs a Too-Powerful Texas CPS Baby Mill Agenda

by The Paper [2]

Excerpts:

“The role of CPS has changed over the years,” (Julie Ketterman of KHA Lawyers, PLLC [3]) said. “They have become too powerful and have shifted their focus from offering guidance and support to acting as a punitive force.” Historically, CPS would provide in-home services to help stabilize families in need of assistance and maintain children in their home. Preventing child abuse and ensuring a safe home environment was the ultimate goal.

The 1960s and 1970s saw a marked increase in public awareness of child abuse. This led to amendments to the Social Security Act, which expanded the scope of CPS nationwide. In 1974, Congress passed the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, which provided federal funds to the states for the prevention of physical abuse, neglect and sexual abuse. Then, in 1997, Congress passed the Adoption and Safe Families Act, which established strict timelines for returning children in foster care to their parents or for terminating parental rights, thus freeing the children for adoption. In some cases, states are authorized to dispense with efforts to reunify the family and move directly to termination of parental rights.

“This legislation started with good intentions,” Ketterman said, “but it was the seed for corruption.” Ketterman alleges that CPS frequently oversteps their boundaries, opting to remove children from their homes, placing them outside the home and in to foster-to-adopt homes for monetary advantage. “CPS profits every time they place a child outside the home for adoption,” Ketterman said. “It has stopped being a resource for families in need and has instead turned into an adoption mill.”

Solutions, however, are hard to come by. “We have to attack corruption on a case-by-case basis,” Ketterman said. One victory against CPS corruption is the recent passing of SB 1876, a bill recently signed by Governor Greg Abbott into law on June 19. The law will go into effect on September 1 of this year. “The bill specifies that attorneys ad litem, guardians ad litem and mediators in CPS cases will be appointed on a rotating basis,” Ketterman said. “This prevents corrupt judges from appointing attorneys they have in their pockets.” In many instances, the same handful of lawyers are being assigned multiple CPS cases, for which they have profited handsomely – all at the taxpayers’ expense. “These lawyers are making massive amounts of money off these court appointments,” Ketterman said, “and many are high campaign contributors to the judges that appointed them.”

The bill was introduced by Senator Judith Zaffirini. Ketterman assisted with the research committee for the bill, sharing her knowledge and opinions in interviews with the committee. “This bill is extremely important,” Ketterman said. “It affects taxpayers in the sense that the clerk will have to make public how much the government and individual judges – elected by the taxpayers – pay these ad litem attorneys.”

Read the Full Article here [2].

Comment at MedicalKidnap.com [4]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
32410,"by Health Impact News/MedicalKidnap.com Staff

A beloved California schoolteacher is still fighting to get her children back 9 months after they were ripped away from her by Child Protective Services. Lori Ibrahim’s two-day old breastfeeding baby was seized by Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS) after Kaiser Permanente South Bay Medical Center accused her of drug abuse. The only drugs in her system were properly prescribed medications, but social workers used the positive drug screen as grounds to seize baby Youssef and his 5-year old brother Kian.

See original story:

Lori recorded this video shortly after her baby was taken away from her:

Since that time, Lori has allegedly cooperated with every demand that DCFS has placed on her, including submission to a gag order to be silent and take down her Facebook page.

Social workers have created an image of the mother to present to the court which seems to serve their apparent agenda of keeping the family apart.

The reports, however, from the psychologist and other therapists that Lori has been compelled to see paint a vastly different picture. That picture is consistent with the reports from those who have worked with Lori and the parents whose young children Lori has taught in school during her 15 year career, a career that is now closed to her because of the DCFS allegations.

Lori Ibrahim presented evidence to Health Impact News and to the court that she was innocent of the charges that were used to seize her children. The court has reportedly dismissed the substance abuse allegations, finding that, as she said from the very beginning, she was only taking properly prescribed medications.

Yet, it hasn’t made a difference – her boys are still not home.

Therapists Confirm Lori’s Exemplary Record – DCFS Ignores It

When Health Impact News first reported Lori’s story last July (2016), we reported what our investigation found about Lori:

She has received numerous awards and accolades throughout the years, and was known as a teacher that exceeded the standards of her employment. She is known as an exemplary role model for her young students.

Since that time, Health Impact News has received documents which confirm that assessment and contradict the accusations that DCFS social workers used to justify the seizure of her children.

One report comes from a social worker with a parenting class that Lori was ordered to participate in. She describes Lori as a “welcome addition” to the group. According to the report, the social worker found Lori to:

communicat[e] well with other members and group members and group facilitators….While Mrs. Ibrahim was the only mother in the group who did not have her children present, Mrs. Ibrahim persevered and was observed as being interactive and comfortable while utilizing both her teaching and parenting skills with the children. The children were observed as being receptive and enjoying the activities.

Another report comes from a Licensed Clinical Psychologist with over 30 years experience who has worked with more than 500 custody cases. The psychologist is on the list of Child Custody Evaluators accepted for court cases.

Her evaluation presents a stark contrast to the DCFS report and is based upon interviews and a battery of psychological tests.

Regarding the DCFS allegations that Lori abuses drugs, the psychologist states:

It was found that Lori does not have an addiction problem. This would be strongly against her religion, her behaviors, and daily living. Lori has a prescription for medical marijuana. She has suffered with a painful fibroid during pregnancy. She informed her doctor about her medication and trusted that it was prescribed by Kaiser [hospital], therefore it would be viewed as temporarily necessary until the birth of her child. There was no evidence that Lori was abusing prescribed medications. Lori was prescribed medications for her severe pain that she experienced when pregnant. She took her doctor’s advice regarding her medication and was relieved of some of her pain. After her baby was born, the pressure of her uterine fibroid was relieved and she stopped the medication. A urine screen was given (that would not [be] admissible in any court) after the birth of the baby. The results were positive for [the medications that she was prescribed]. Despite the lack of evidence, Lori was mislabeled a drug addict who would not be able to care for her baby.

After Lori’s children were taken from her based on these properly prescribed medications, DCFS accused Lori of being mentally ill. The psychologist refutes that assessment, stating that there is “not enough evidence to support” such diagnoses. She reports:

Lori Ibrahim does not have a mental illness. She presented as a mentally stable individual who is currently experiencing the traumatic event of losing her children. She has provided a healthy and loving home environment for her son and has given birth to a healthy newborn. She has been placed on monitored visitation, lost her teaching job and income, and has been facing the trauma of her losses.

She describes Lori as having:

a long and constant history of working with young children, while raising her son with her husband. Her colleague [name redacted] reported that she has been an excellent teacher and parent guide, but after social services became involved, she could no longer teach.

Additionally:

She has no history of being a danger to herself or to her child. There have been no negative reports from family members, teaching colleagues, parents she has treated, or friends. There has been no concerns about her mental health. She has often been requested to be their child’s teacher by the parents. She has been a tutor who has a following of students.

Psychologist – Separation Is Traumatizing to Children

The psychologist recognizes a basic fact that seems to elude virtually every person working within the Child Protective System and adoption and foster care industry – that is, separation of parent and child causes trauma to the child.

Regarding Kian, she says:

A five-year-old who has been removed from a stable environment can be traumatized when taken from the primary parent.

The trauma may be even worse for baby Youssef, she continues:

The research that has been achieved on newborn infants is limited, but reveals that both the mother and the child are significantly wounded when separated. Cutting-edge research indicates that the experience in the womb and the early moments of birth and infancy are the most formative moments of our lives, shaping who we become. Many professionals who work with families do not realize the significance of the mother-baby bond. It is well-known an infant becomes aware while in the uterus as development occurs. Child Development Specialist, Susan Hois, stated, “Separation from or loss of parents due to death, divorce, incarceration or removal to foster care will have a major impact on the child’s psychological development and possibly on his cognitive and physical development as well.”

These statements are consistent with the findings of experts in the relatively new field of prenatal and perinatal psychology, who confirm that the events in the “primal period,” as Dr. Michel Odent calls it, have a deeply profound impact on the rest of a person’s life.

The Association for Prenatal and Perinatal Psychology and Health [3] (APPPAH) states that:

APPPAH educates professionals and the public, worldwide, that a baby’s experience of conception, pregnancy, and birth creates lifelong consequences for individuals, families, and society.

The late Dr. David Chamberlain [4], one of the founding members of APPPAH and author of the groundbreaking book, Babies Remember Birth, wrote:

Babies know the destructive impact of rejection and separation. Ever since the pace-setting work of pediatricians Klaus and Kennell on maternal-infant bonding in 1976, attention has been repeatedly drawn to the destructive effects of untimely separations…. Separation is both a physical and emotional experience for a baby and can begin anytime in the womb or after birth. Whenever it occurs, it is a stroke of violence. Few things can compare with the oneness between mother and baby during gestation. The connections are total and holistic, embracing mind, emotion, and sensation. (Source [5])

Suzanne Arms, author, speaker, and founder of Birthing the Future, wrote:

If we hope to create a non-violent world where respect and kindness replace fear and hatred, we must begin with how we treat each other at the beginning of life. For that is where our deepest patterns are set. From these roots grow fear and alienation or love and trust.

Lori Ibrahim is aware of the great harm that separation of mother and child can cause in her children, and she desperately wants to get her children back home with her and her husband. Since the children have been taken, they have been placed in separate placements. They have been reportedly denied sibling visitation and have not seen each other since August 10, 2016. Here is a video with pictures of their first meeting last July:

The baby has been moved 4 times since he was taken last summer.

In this video captured by Lori last year, an angry foster mother runs away with Lori’s baby as she looks on with horror:

Lori reports that the only thing she said to the woman before the recorded events happened was:

What location are we going to?

Lori retains medical rights and was supposed to meet the foster mother and the baby at the appointment. The social worker can be heard attempting to smooth things over, but he did not stop the foster mother from getting into her car and driving off with someone else’s child while she was in a clearly agitated state.

Conclusions of Psychologist

The report from the psychologist is very clear that, in her clinical assessment, Lori Ibrahim is a good mother. However, the court has refused to look at the favorable assessments, even though they come from sources with which DCFS often works.

DCFS has reportedly insisted that Lori is evaluated by the provider of THEIR choosing.

This begs the question: are they looking only for a specific result? Alabama attorney Lisa Chasteen recently testified to former Governor Bentley’s DHR Task Force that an attorney for the state complained in a court hearing that a particular provider did not “find the way we want them to,” and thus rejected the services of that provider.

Is that what is happening here?

The psychologist with over 30 years experience dealing with parents just like Lori who are battling for their children believes that her family should be reunited and that there were no valid grounds for the removal of Lori’s children:

Lori has been a devoted mother who misses her children. She presented herself as a strong and well-educated woman who has been a valued and respected teacher and tutor. Her attitude has been healthy, but she has not understood why her children have been taken from her based on no evidence of poor parenting or self-destructive behaviors. She and her husband were looking forward to providing a loving home for their newborn. Kian was waiting to welcome home his new baby brother Yousseff…. Being a sensitive parent, she understands how much damage is occurring to her children as they experience the loss of their mother…. Nothing that would lead to the loss of her children was found in her background or her present lifestyle. [Emphasis added] …This evaluator has serious concerns for the welfare of newborn Youssef who has been separated from his mother since his birth. The separation of mother and newborn can become a greater danger to children than the reasoning for separation. There was no evidence found that would keep Lori from uniting with her children. After studying documents regarding the reasoning for this mother to be separated from Youssef and Kian, it does not make logical sense regarding the current status of Lori Imbrahim. This appears to be a mistake that has morphed into a disastrous and devastating situation for Youssef Ibrahi, newborn, and Kian Abedi, a kindergartener, and their mother, Lori Ibrahim…. In my professional opinion, this family needs to be reunited immediately before more damage is created by the trauma of an unnecessary separation.

Lori told her story to Tammi Stefano on the National Safe Child Show:

How You Can Help

Governor Edmund G. Brown, Jr., may be reached at (916) 445-2841, or contacted here [6].

Assemblyman Patrick O’Donnell represents Lori Ibrahim’s district. He may be reached at (916) 319-2070, or contacted here [7].

The Senator for the family’s district is Ricardo Lara. He may be reached at (916) 651-4033, or contacted here [8].

Comment on this article at MedicalKidnap.com. [9]

Support the cause against Medical Kidnapping by purchasing our new book!

If you know people who are skeptical and cannot believe that medical kidnapping happens in the U.S. today, this is the book for them! Backed with solid references and real life examples, they will not be able to deny the plain evidence before them, and will become better educated on this topic that is destroying the American family.

[10]

1 Book – 228 pages

Retail: $$24.99

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$14.99

Order here! [10]

[11]

2 Books

Retail: $$49.98 (for 2 books)

FREE Shipping Available!

Now: $$19.99 (for 2 books)

Order here! [10]

Also available as eBook:

[12]

eBook – Download Immediately!

$$9.99",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
21973,"Health Impact News Editor Comments

Last year California became the first state in the U.S. to remove the religious exemption for childhood vaccines, in spite of overwhelming opposition from parents, doctors, and other community leaders.

Now, California Assemblyman Travis Allen has introduced legislation that would require the California Health and Human Services Agency to provide information to the public regarding the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System [2] and the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program [3], two federally funded resources most of the American public knows nothing about.

How could any lawmaker oppose this freedom of information? If the State is going to mandate vaccines to school children, should not federal information on vaccine injuries be available to the public?

In 2014 the Government Accounting Office (GAO) issued a report on the federal Vaccine Compensation Program [4] criticizing the government for not making the public aware that this program exists. If AB 2832 passes in California, it will become one of the first states to rectify the problems documented by the GAO.

Require the CA Health and Human Services Agency (CHHS) to Post Links to Vaccine Injury Reporting and Vaccine Injury Compensation

by National Vaccine Information Center [5]

Your immediate action is needed to help pass AB 2832 Immunizations: vaccine injury information [6]. AB 2832 was introduced by Assemblyman Travis Allen. If passed, AB 2832 would add Section 120456 to the Health and Safety Code, relating to immunizations to read:

SECTION 1.120456. The California Health and Human Services Agency shall maintain a conspicuous link to federal resources related to vaccine injuries on its Internet Web site, including, but not limited to, the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System [2] and the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program. [3]

AB 2832 is necessary because many who have serious vaccine reactions do not know about federal vaccine injury reporting or vaccine injury compensation and the related statutory time limits for receiving compensation. The state health department has multiple postings on their website promoting vaccines and yet fails to responsibly provide important information for when vaccination injures or kills someone.

The bill should also be amended to include requirements for links to the FDA Vaccines, Blood & Biologics [7] page that references the vaccine manufactures package inserts for all federally licensed vaccines in the U.S. These package inserts are rarely provided by vaccine administrators, and they contain important contraindication and side effect information. These federal links need to be prominently displayed on all State, County and School District web sites where vaccine rules, regulations and/or mandates are mentioned.

In addition to asking your Assembly Member to support the bill, also ask him/her to support any amendments that expand the posting requirements to include additional State sites like the Immunization Branch [8] of the California Department of Public Health [9] (CDPH), CDPH Shots for School [10], the California Department of Education [11] (CDE} Immunization and Health Checkup – CalEdFacts. [12] Public and private schools, preschools and daycare providers, school districts and County Boards of Health and Education also need to include links to VAERS, NVICP, and FDA Vaccines, Blood & Biologics on their websites, and in their enrollment packages.

Californians are entitled to know the federal programs available to them in a timely manner. If they or their family member is injured or dies because of an adverse reaction to vaccines, claims must be filed within 24 months of a death and 36 months of an injury. [13] It is incumbent upon the State of California Health and Human Services and related departments to provide prominent and immediate access to these federal vaccine injury programs.

ACTION NEEDED

1. Contact your Assembly Member by phone and email, and schedule an appointment in the local district office to meet with the staff member who advises your Assembly Member on health issues. Ask them to support AB 2832 as introduced and to support any amendments to include posting requirements for all related state, county and school websites that reference immunization rules, regulations and/or mandates. Find out who represents you in the California Assembly and Senate by registering with the NVIC Advocacy Portal at http://NVICAdvocacy.org [14]. Click on “Check What is Happening in Your State” on the home page or “My State” on the STATE TEAMS Tab. Your personal state legislators are listed on the right side of the page. You can also find your legislators here. [15]

2. Please share any responses you receive from your legislators with your California NVIC Advocacy Team by forwarding to: CAdirector@NVICAdvocacy.org.

3. Login to the NVICAdvocacy Portal http://NVICAdvocacy.org [16] often for updates. Bills can change many times during the legislative process.

TALKING POINTS

Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com [26]

Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm

Canadian physician Dr. Andrew Moulden provided clear scientific evidence to prove that every dose of vaccine given to a child or an adult produces harm. The truth that he uncovered was rejected by the conventional medical system and the pharmaceutical industry. Nevertheless, his warning and his message to America remains as a solid legacy of the man who stood up against big pharma and their program to vaccinate every person on the Earth.

Dr. Moulden died unexpectedly in November of 2013 at age 49.

Because of the strong opposition from big pharma concerning Dr. Moulden’s research, we became concerned that the name of this brilliant researcher and his life’s work had nearly been deleted from the internet. His reputation was being disparaged, and his message of warning and hope was being distorted and buried without a tombstone. This book summarizes his teaching and is a must-read for everyone who wants to learn the “other-side” of the vaccine debate that the mainstream media routinely censors.

Read: Read Dr. Andrew Moulden: Every Vaccine Produces Harm on your mobile device! on your mobile device! $$3.99 [27]

Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?

One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”

However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.

The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.

Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.

In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.

Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.

These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.

In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
23887,"The Flu Vaccine and Low-Hanging Fruit

by Dr. Brownstein [1]

DrBrownstein.com [1]

A patient asked me today why I haven’t been writing more blog posts? I told her I have been working hard on a new book. More information about that will come soon.

Also today, my wife told me to stop writing about the flu vaccine. She thinks I am writing too much about it. I told her that the flu vaccine is like low-hanging fruit–it is just too easy to write about.

But, what can I do when a large hospital system sends out a letter with my name at the bottom which states that I am recommending the flu vaccine. You see, a patient of mine sent me copy of a letter he received from a local hospital system. The patient also included a note to me stating, “Dr. B, I don’t think this letter is from you. I thought you would like to see what they are sending out in your name.” A copy of the letter is shown below.

Folks, I assure you, this letter was not from me.

I called the hospital that sent this out and demanded a retraction be sent to all who received it. Note the letter states, “Influenza kills 25,000-30,000 people across the United States each year.”

Oh boy. Where do I start? Influenza does NOT kill 25,000-30,000 people each year. The truth is, in 2010, the CDC reported that the flu killed 500 people. (1) Of course if you go to the CDC’s website, they proclaim, “Over a period of 30 years, between 1976 and 2006, estimates of flu-associated deaths in the United States range from a low of about 3,000 to a high of about 49,000 people.” (2)

I suggest the CDC stop estimating and start reporting the true numbers. The truth is that influenza annually kills a few hundred Americans. Of course, each death is tragic, but does anyone really believe that vaccinating 350 million Americans is going to drastically alter a few hundred Americans dying each year from the flu? I seriously doubt that, particularly when the flu vaccine has never been shown to significantly decrease the incidence of the flu. Furthermore, the flu vaccine has never been shown to lower the death rate from from the flu.

How do they get the 25,000-49,000 flu deaths per year number? It is an estimated number that includes the number of people who also die from pneumonia. How many people die from pneumonia each year? 49,597 died from pneumonia in 2010, according to the CDC’s data (see reference 1).

Does the flu vaccine protect against pneumonia? No. It has never been shown to protect against getting pneumonia.

Each year the CDC trots out their inaccurate numbers. If they told the truth, the flu vaccine would become a thing of the past. And, I haven’t even mentioned the toxic additives in the flu vaccine which include mercury and formaldehyde.

The flu vaccine? A waste of time and money. To learn about alternatives to the flu vaccine, see our Immune Support Package [2].

Read the Full Article here [1].

1. http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/nvsr/nvsr61/nvsr61_04.pdf [3]

2. http://www.cdc.gov/flu/keyfacts.htm [4]

[5]",healthimpactnews.com,0,0,0,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0,0
